

Owner’s Guide
 Robot Vacuum & Mop
Robot aspirateur et laveur
Robot aspirador y trapeador
j7+
Guide du propriétaire
Guía del usuario

EN
This appliance can be used by children aged from 8 years and above and persons with 
reduced physical, sensory or mental capabilities or lack of experience and knowledge if 
they have been given supervision or instruction concerning use of the appliance in a safe 
way and understand the hazards involved. Children shall not play with the appliance. 
Cleaning and user maintenance shall not be made by children without supervision. 
Safety Information
Important Safety Information
SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
WARNING: When using an electrical appliance, basic precautions should always be followed, 
including the following:
READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS
WARNING: To reduce the risk of injury or damage, read and follow the safety precautions 
when setting up, using and maintaining your robot.
This owner’s guide includes information for Regulatory Model(s):  
Robot: RCA-Y1 | Dock: ADG-N1 | Battery: ABL-F | Radio Module: AXG-Y1
This is the safety alert symbol. It is used to alert you to potential physical injury hazards.   
Obey all safety messages that follow this symbol to avoid possible injury or death.
Risk of electric shockClass II equipmentRated power output, d.c.
 
Read operator’s 
manual
General symbol for 
recycling
Risk of fireFor indoor use onlyRated power input, d.c.
Keep out of reach 
of children
Separate Supply Unit
CautionRated power input, a.c.

EN
WARNING: Indicates a hazardous situation that, if not avoided, could 
result in death or serious injury. 
CAUTION: Indicates a hazardous situation that, if not avoided, could 
result in minor or moderate injury. 
NOTICE: Indicates a hazardous situation that, if not avoided, could result 
in property damage.
GENERAL
WARNING 
• Your robot comes with a region approved power supply cord and is 
designed to be plugged into a standard household AC power outlet 
only. Do not use any other power supply cord. For replacement cords, 
please contact Customer Care to ensure proper selection of country 
specific power supply cord.
• Do not submerge your robot in water.
• Do not open your robot except as instructed to install or replace the 
battery or to perform required maintenance. Do not open the integrated 
dock-charger known as Home Base or Clean Base. There are no user 
serviceable parts inside. Refere servicing to qualified service personnel.
• Risk of electric shock, use indoors in dry location only.
• Do not handle your robot or charging station with wet hands. 
• Do not use unauthorized chargers. Use of an unauthorized charger 
could cause the battery to generate heat, smoke, catch fire, or explode.
• Your robot is not a toy. Small children and pets should be supervised 
when your robot is operating. Do not sit or stand on your robot or dock.
• Store and operate your robot in room temperature environments only.
• If the room to be cleaned contains a balcony, a physical barrier should 
be used to prevent access to the balcony and ensure safe operation.
• Clean the (edge detection or cliff) sensors lens and covers on the 
bottom of your robot for dust and dirt buildup as needed.
• If the room to be cleaned contains equipment, such as a stove, fan, or 
humidifier, remove the equipment before operation. There is a risk of 
injury, accident or malfunction if the robot comes in contact and pushes 
the equipment.
• Do not use the mopping pad plate as a handle to lift or move the robot.
• Be aware that floors may be slippery after wet cleaning with your robot.
• Do not operate the robot in areas with exposed electrical outlets in the floor.
CAUTION  
• Do not use this device to pick up sharp objects, glass, or anything that is 
burning or smoking.
• Be aware that the robot moves on its own. Take care when walking in the 
area that the robot is operating in to avoid stepping on it.
•  If the device passes over a power cord and drags it, there is a chance an 
object could be pulled off a table or shelf. Before using this device, pick 
up objects like clothing, loose papers, pull cords for blinds or curtains, 
power cords, and any fragile objects. 
• Perform the required maintenance per the owner’s guide to ensure safe 
operation of the robot and charging station.
• If the robot is operating on a floor with stairs, please remove any clutter 
from the top step.
 
• Do not allow your robot or charging station to become wet.
• Do not place anything on top of your robot.
•  The failure to maintain cleanliness of charger contacts could result in 
loss of ability for the robot to charge the battery and the contacts to 
become hot to the touch.
• Before running your robot on hard floors, please test your robot on a small 
section of the hard floor to ensure that it is compatible. Using your robot 
on a hard floor that is not compatible could result in damage to your floor. 
Contact your hard floor manufacturer with questions on compatibility.
• Before running your robot on carpets or rugs, ensure that the carpets 
or rugs are compatible with vacuums using bars or brushes. Using your 
robot on a carpet or rug that is not compatible could result in damage 
to your carpet or rug. Contact your carpet or rug manufacturer with 
questions on compatibility.
BATTERY
WARNING  
• Do not open, crush, heat above 176°F: 80°C, or incinerate. Follow the owner’s 
guide instructions for proper use, maintenance, handling, and disposal.
• Do not short-circuit the battery by allowing metal objects to contact 
battery terminals or immerse in liquid. Do not subject batteries to 
mechanical shock.
• Lithium ion batteries and products that contain lithium ion batteries are 
subject to stringent transportation regulations. If you need to ship this 
product (with the battery included) for service, travel or any other reason, 
you must see the Troubleshooting section of your owner’s guide or contact 
customer care for shipping instructions.
• Periodically inspect the battery pack for any sign of damage or leakage. 
Do not charge damaged or leaking battery packs, do not allow the liquid 
to come in contact with skin or eyes. If contact has been made, wash the 
affected area with copious amounts of water and seek medical advice. 
Place the battery in a sealed plastic bag and recycle or dispose of safely 
according to local environmental regulations, or return it to your local 
authorized iRobot Service Center for disposal.
• Keep battery pack clean and dry. Wipe the cell or battery terminals with a 
clean dry cloth if they become dirty.
CAUTION  
• Battery usage by children should be supervised. Seek medical advice 
immediately if a cell or a battery has been swallowed.
• The battery pack must be removed from the robot before recycling or 
disposal.
• For best results, only use the iRobot Lithium Ion Battery that comes with 
the robot. 
• Do not use non-rechargeable batteries. Use only the rechargeable battery 
supplied with the product. For replacement, purchase identical iRobot 
battery or contact iRobot Customer Care for alternative battery options.
• Always charge and remove the battery from your robot and accessories 
before long-term storage.
CLEANING SOLUTION
WARNING  
• Household cleaning products are safe when used and stored according 
to the instructions on the label. Always be sure to read and follow the 
directions carefully.

EN
battery terminals or immerse in liquid. Do not subject batteries to 
mechanical shock.
• Lithium ion batteries and products that contain lithium ion batteries are 
subject to stringent transportation regulations. If you need to ship this 
product (with the battery included) for service, travel or any other reason, 
you must see the Troubleshooting section of your owner’s guide or contact 
customer care for shipping instructions.
• Periodically inspect the battery pack for any sign of damage or leakage. 
Do not charge damaged or leaking battery packs, do not allow the liquid 
to come in contact with skin or eyes. If contact has been made, wash the 
affected area with copious amounts of water and seek medical advice. 
Place the battery in a sealed plastic bag and recycle or dispose of safely 
according to local environmental regulations, or return it to your local 
authorized iRobot Service Center for disposal.
• Keep battery pack clean and dry. Wipe the cell or battery terminals with a 
clean dry cloth if they become dirty.
CAUTION  
• Battery usage by children should be supervised. Seek medical advice 
immediately if a cell or a battery has been swallowed.
• The battery pack must be removed from the robot before recycling or 
disposal.
• For best results, only use the iRobot Lithium Ion Battery that comes with 
the robot. 
• Do not use non-rechargeable batteries. Use only the rechargeable battery 
supplied with the product. For replacement, purchase identical iRobot 
battery or contact iRobot Customer Care for alternative battery options.
• Always charge and remove the battery from your robot and accessories 
before long-term storage.
CLEANING SOLUTION
WARNING  
• Household cleaning products are safe when used and stored according 
to the instructions on the label. Always be sure to read and follow the 
directions carefully.
• Only use authorized cleaning solution found on answers.irobot.com/s/
roomba-combo-cleanser.
• For cleaning solution warnings, please refer to outer box and solution 
bottle
Keep away from 
children
Rinse hands after use
Keep away from eyes. 
If product gets into 
eyes rinse thoroughly 
with water
AUTOMATIC DIRT DISPOSAL
WARNING 
• Do not use with damaged cord or plug. If appliance is not working as 
it should, has been dropped, damaged, left outdoors, or dropped into 
water, return it to a service center. 
• Always disconnect your robot from the dirt disposal before cleaning or 
maintaining it.
• Charge your robot only with the power supply provided. The provided 
power supply delivers safety extra low voltage corresponding to the 
input marking on the robot which is required to maintain safe operation.
• Do not put any object into openings. Do not use with any opening 
blocked; keep free of dust, lint, hair, and anything that may reduce air 
flow. 
• To prevent the risk of your robot falling downstairs, ensure that the 
charging station is placed at least 4 feet (1.2 meters) away from stairs.
• To properly maintain your dirt disposal, do not place foreign objects in 
your Automatic Dirt Disposal Port and ensure it is clear of debris.
• In order to avoid a hazard due to inadvertent resetting of the thermal 
cut-out, this appliance must not be supplied through an external 
switching device, such as a timer, or connected to a circuit that is 
regularly switched on and off by the utility.
• Do not pour any liquids into the device and do not immerse in water.
• Do not allow liquids to get on or into the dirt disposal.
• Do not use outdoors or on wet surfaces.  

EN
• Do not allow to be used as a toy. Close attention is necessary when used 
by or near children.
• In order to avoid a hazard due to inadvertent resetting of the thermal 
cut-out, this appliance must not be supplied through an external 
switching device, such as a timer, or connected to a circuit that is 
regularly switched on and off by the utility.
• Use only as described in this manual.
• To reduce the risk of electric shock, unplug your dirt disposal before 
cleaning.
• Keep the dirt disposal and power cord away from heated surfaces.
CAUTION  
• Only charge the battery that came with your robot. Other types of 
batteries may burst causing injury. Always contact iRobot Customer 
Care for the correct replacement of your battery.
 
• Product may not be used with any type of power converter. Use of power 
converters will immediately void the warranty.
• If you live in an area prone to electrical storms, it is recommended that 
you use additional surge protection. Your dirt disposal may be protected 
with a surge protector in the event of severe electrical storms.
• Do not use without dust bag and/or filters in place.or rugs are 
compatible with vacuums using bars or brushes. Using your robot on 
a carpet or rug that is not compatible could result in damage to your 
carpet or rug. Contact your carpet or rug manufacturer with questions 
on compatibility.
This symbol on the battery indicates that the battery must not be disposed 
of with unsorted common municipal waste. As the end-user, it is your 
responsibility to dispose of the end-of-life battery in your appliance in an 
environmentally sensitive manner as follows:
(1) Returning it to the distributor/dealer from whom you purchased the 
product or
(2) Depositing it at a designated collection point
The separate collection and recycling of end-of-life batteries at the time 
of disposal will help to conserve natural resources and to ensure that it is 
recycled in a manner that protects human health and the environment. 
For more information, please contact your local recycling office or the 
dealer from whom you originally purchased the product. Failure to properly 
dispose of end-of-life batteries may result in negative potential effects on 
the environment and human health due to the substances in the batteries 
and accumulators. 
   For battery recycling go to call2recycle.org or call 1-800-822-8837

EN
 Roomba Combo j7+ Owner’s Guide        1
About your Roomba Combo™ Robot Vacuum & Mop
BinTop View
Bottom View
Faceplate
Mopping Pad Plate
Wall Follow Sensor
Camera
Clean Button
Filter
Tank Cap
Water Tank
Dust Bin
Bin Release 
Button
Charging 
Contacts
Caster Wheel
Cliff Sensor
Floor Sensor
Cliff Sensors
Edge-Sweeping 
Brush
Multi-Surface 
Brushes
Floor Sensors
Brush Frame 
Release Tab 
Brush Caps
Bin
Floor Tracking 
Sensor
Cliff Sensors
Cliff Sensor

2        For more information, visit global.irobot.com
EN
About Your Clean Base™ Automatic Dirt Disposal
Top View
Front View
Canister Lid
Visual Docking 
Target
Exhaust Vent
Cord Wrap
Debris Evacuation 
Port
Bag Guide Rails
Debris Evacuation 
Tube
Debris Evacuation 
Tube
Bag Storage 
Compartment
Blow Cover
Bag Presence Sensor 
Back View
Bottom View
Pull Tab
LED Indicator
Wheel Wells
Charging 
Contacts

EN
 Roomba Combo j7+ Owner’s Guide        3
Download the iRobot Home App and Connect to Wi-Fi®
• Follow step-by-step instructions to set up your Roomba Combo™.
• Set up PrecisionVision Navigation to avoid obstacles in real time.
•  Set an automatic cleaning schedule and customize cleaning preferences.
•  Create smart maps to tell your robot where, when and how to clean.
Charging
CLEAN
•  Place the robot on the charging station to activate the battery.
• The robot uses a small amount of power whenever it is on the charging 
station. You can put the robot in a further-reduced power state when not in 
use. For instructions and more details on this Reduced Power Standby Mode, 
refer to the FAQ page on our website.
•  For long-term storage, turn off the robot by removing it from the charging 
station and holding down the clean button for 3 seconds with one wheel off 
the ground. Store the robot in a cool, dry place.
Light Ring Spiral While Charging
White Spiral: charging
A solid white light will indicate the battery 
charge percentage of your robot
Note: Your robot comes with a partial charge, but we recommend that you charge 
the robot for 3 hours prior to starting the first cleaning job.
When your robot is fully charged, the 
light ring indicator will intermittently 
pulse white at the rear.
Using Your Roomba Combo™ Robot Vacuum & Mop
Positioning the Clean Base™ Automatic Dirt Disposal
Good Wi-Fi® Coverage
*Objects are not to scale.
4 ft (1.2 m) 
from stairs
4 ft (1.2 m) 
in front
1ft (0.3 m) 
above
1.5 ft (0.5 m)  
both sides
Note: Do not place 
your Clean Base™ 
in direct sunlight. 
Ensure the area 
around the dock 
is free of clutter to 
improve docking 
performance.
WARNING: To 
prevent the risk of 
your robot falling 
downstairs, ensure 
that the charging 
station is placed 
at least 4 feet (1.2 
meters) away from 
stairs.

4        For more information, visit global.irobot.com
EN
Mopping
•  Your robot is able both vacuum and mop at the same time. To start a 
vacuum and mop cleaning job from your robot, fill the tank, attach a 
mopping pad, and press the clean button. 
•  When your robot encounters carpet during it’s 
cleaning job, it will lift and tuck the mopping  
pad away.
•  After completing your mopping and vacuum  
cleaning job, make sure to empty the water 
tank and replace the mopping pad.
• Your robot will automatically explore and clean your home in neat rows, 
avoiding obstacles using its front-facing camera. It will return to the charging 
station at the end of a cleaning job and whenever it needs to recharge.
•  To end a job and send the robot back to its charging station, hold the clean 
button down for between 2-5 seconds. A blue light ring pattern will indicate 
that the robot is seeking the charging station.
•  When your robot detects an especially dirty area, it will engage Dirt Detect™ 
mode, moving in a forward/backward motion to clean the area more 
thoroughly. The light ring indicator will flash blue.
Vacuuming
• To start a vacuum-only cleaning job from your robot, empty the tank or 
detach the mopping pad before pressing the clean button.
Just press the clean button
Tap to Start / Pause / Resume
Hold for 2-5 seconds to end a job
Your robot is able to recognize and avoid 
objects. However, it is still recommended 
to remove excess clutter before cleaning.
When your robot senses that its bin needs 
to be emptied, the light ring indicator 
will illuminate in a red sweeping motion 
toward the rear.
Cleaning
WARNING: To prevent damaging your robot, do not manually stow the 
mopping pad plate onto the pad shelf. 
1
3
2
4
Press bin release button to 
remove bin.
Attach mopping pad.
Fill tank with water and 
compatible cleaning solution.
Place bin back in the robot.

EN
 Roomba Combo j7+ Owner’s Guide        5
Cleaning Solution
For best results when mopping, use Bona® Hardwood or Hard-Surface Floor 
Cleaning Solutions. Both solutions are suitable for most well-sealed hard floors.
About Your Automatic Dirt Disposal
While cleaning, your robot will automatically return to the dirt disposal to empty 
its bin and recharge as needed. 
The dirt disposal’s LED indicator will turn solid red when a new bag is needed. 
If a clog is detected, the dirt disposal will trigger additional attempts to 
automatically clear the clog.
Sample Concentrate Packets
Included in box
1 Packet per tank
Mix to manufacture instruction
and pour into tank.
Retail Ready-to-Use Bottles
Sold separately
Fill the tank with cleaning solution. No 
water is necessary.
Important: Only certain cleaning solutions can be safely used with your 
robot. A full list of compatible cleaning solutions can be found on answers.
irobot.com/s/roomba-combo-cleanser or by visiting the app. Please do 
not use other cleaning solutions or bleach-based products.
• Battery MUST be turned off before shipping.
• Turn off the battery by removing the robot from the charging station 
and holding down the clean button for 3 seconds with one wheel off the 
ground. All indicators will turn off.
• Package the robot securely for shipping.
• If you need further assistance, contact our Customer Care team or visit 
global.irobot.com.
Troubleshooting
WARNING: Lithium ion batteries and products that contain lithium ion 
batteries are subject to stringent transportation regulations. If you need to 
ship this product for service, travel or any other reason, you MUST follow the 
below shipping instructions.
Red Light Ring
 Low battery. Please charge.
•  Your robot will tell you 
something is wrong by playing 
an audio alert and turning the 
light ring indicator red. Press the 
clean button or tap the bumper 
for details. Check the iRobot 
Home App for further support.
•  After 90 minutes of inactivity 
off the charging station, the 
robot will automatically end its 
cleaning job. 
•  To factory reset your robot, remove the dust bin and hold the clean button 
down for seven (7) seconds. A sound will let you know when the factory reset 
has been completed. Press the clean button down once more to confirm.
Battery Safety & Shipping
For best results, only use the iRobot Lithium Ion Battery that comes with your robot. 
Note: If you place your robot on the dirt disposal by hand, it will not empty automatically. 
In this case, use the iRobot Home App or hold the button down for 2-5 seconds.

6        For more information, visit global.irobot.com
EN
Care and Maintenance
Care and Maintenance Instructions
To keep your robot running at peak performance, perform the procedures on the 
following pages. 
There are additional instructional videos in the iRobot Home App. If you notice 
the robot picking up less debris from your floor, empty the bin, clean the filter and 
clean the brushes.
Troubleshooting Your Automatic Dirt Disposal
Your dirt disposal will tell you if something is wrong via an LED indicator on the 
front of the canister and through the iRobot Home app.
This product has been equipped with a thermal protector designed to protect 
against damage due to overheating. If the protector operates, the motor will stop 
running. If this happens, unplug the unit, allow to cool for 30 minutes, clear any 
obstructions from the evacuation port and evacuation tube, and plug the unit 
back in. 
Part Care FrequencyReplacement Frequency* 
Mopping PadClean after a mopping jobAfter 30 washes.
BinWash bin as needed
FilterClean once a week (twice a 
week if you have a pet). Do 
not wash.
Every 2 months
Charging ContactsClean every 2 weeks
Full Bin SensorClean every 2 weeks
Front Caster WheelClean every 2 weeksEvery 12 months
Edge-Sweeping Brush and 
Multi-Surface Brushes
Clean once a month (twice a 
month if you have a pet)
Every 12 months
Sensor, Camera Window 
and Pad Shelf
Clean once a month
Bags-Bags should be replaced 
when prompted by the LED 
indicator / app
Blower Cover inside 
canister
Once every month (remove 
debris from blower cover)
Note: iRobot manufactures various replacement parts and assemblies. If you think you 
need a replacement part, please contact iRobot Customer Care for more information. 
*  Replacement frequency may vary. Parts should be replaced if visible wear appears.
LED IndicatorCommon ErrorHow to Fix 
Solid RedBag full or missing1. Replace bag if it is full or missing.
2. Make sure the bag is securely inserted.
3. If problem persists, remove any debris 
from the port on the bottom of your robot 
and the dirt disposal.
Blinking RedThere is a leak or  
a clog in the dock  
evacuation path
1. Make sure the canister lid is pushed down 
and firmly sealed. Hold the clean button 
on your robot down for 2 seconds to 
manually empty the bin.
2. Remove any debris from the port on the 
bottom of your robot and dirt disposal.
3. Unplug the dirt disposal from the wall. 
Place it on its side and inspect the debris 
evacuation tube for debris. If necessary, 
remove the tube to clear any debris.

EN
 Roomba Combo j7+ Owner’s Guide        7
HAND WASHING
Thoroughly wash the pad with warm water.
MACHINE WASHING
Wash using the warm cycle, then air dry. Do not 
put in dryer. Do not wash with delicates.
Cleaning the Mopping PadEmptying the Bin
Note: You can clean your mopping pads two ways: 
either by hand washing, or in a washing machine.
1
2
3
Press bin release button to remove bin.
Open bin door to empty bin.
Place bin back in the robot.
Cleaning the Filter
1
2
3
Remove the bin. Remove the filter by 
grasping both ends and pulling out.
Remove debris by tapping the filter 
against your trash container.
Reinsert filter with ridged grips facing out. 
Place bin back in the robot.
Important: The robot will not run if the 
filter is not installed correctly. Replace 
the filter every two months.

8        For more information, visit global.irobot.com
EN
Cleaning the Charging 
Contacts
Cleaning the Full Bin Sensors
1
1
2
34
Wipe the charging contacts with a 
clean, dry cloth.
Remove and empty the bin.
Wipe the inner sensors with a clean, 
dry cloth
Wipe the bin door with a clean, dry cloth.Clear any debris from the 
vacuum path.
Closed Door
Opened Door

EN
 Roomba Combo j7+ Owner’s Guide        9
Cleaning the Multi-Surface BrushesCleaning the Front Caster Wheel
11
3
2
4
3
2
4
Pinch the brush frame release tab, lift the 
tab, and remove any obstructions.
Pull firmly on the front wheel module to 
remove it from the robot.
Remove any debris from inside the 
wheel cavity.
 Pull firmly on the wheel to remove it from its 
housing (see illustration below).
Reinstall all parts when finished. 
Make sure the wheel clicks back into place. 
Remove any hair or debris from the square 
and hexagonal pegs on the opposite side 
of the brushes. 
Remove the brushes from the robot. 
Remove the brush caps from the ends of 
the brushes. Remove any hair or debris 
that has collected beneath the caps. 
Reinstall the brush caps.
Reinstall the brushes in the robot. Match 
the shape of the brush pegs with the 
shape of the brush icons in the cleaning 
head module.
Important: A front wheel clogged with 
hair and debris could result in damage to 
your floor. If the wheel is not spinning freely 
after you have cleaned it, please contact 
Customer Care.
Wheel
Axle
Housing

10        For more information, visit global.irobot.com
EN
Cleaning the FilterCleaning the Edge-Sweeping 
Brush
Cleaning the Sensors, Camera 
Window and Charging Contacts
1
1
2
1
2
3
Release the bin, remove the filter, and 
open the bin door.
 Use a coin or small screwdriver to remove 
the screw holding the Edge-Sweeping 
Brush in place.
Pull to remove the Edge-Sweeping Brush. 
Remove any hair or debris, then reinstall 
the brush.
Wipe sensors, camera window and pad 
shelf with a clean, dry cloth.
Rinse the dust bin and water tank using 
warm water.
Make sure bin is completely dry. Reinsert 
filter and place bin back in the robot.
Note: You can clean your mopping pads 
two ways: either by hand washing, or in a 
washing machine.
Note: Bin is not dishwasher safe.
Important: Do not spray cleaning solution or 
water onto the sensors or sensor openings.
Important: Do not wash the filter.
Remove the filter before washing the bin.

EN
 Roomba Combo j7+ Owner’s Guide        11
Replacing the BagRemoving Debris from Blower Cover
13
2
4
5
Lift up on the canister lid to open.Pull up on the plastic card to remove the 
bag from the canister.
Inspect blower cover for any lint or debris built-up 
and wipe with a clean dry cloth to remove.
 Discard the used bag.
Install a new bag, sliding the  
plastic card into the guide rails.
Press down on the lid making sure it is 
completely closed.
Note: This will seal 
the bag so dust 
and debris cannot 
escape.
Note: To achieve optimal performance with 
your robot and automatic dirt disposal, 
clean and/or replace your robot’s filter as 
needed.

12        For more information, visit global.irobot.com
EN
USA & Canada
If you have questions or comments about your dirt disposal, please contact 
iRobot before contacting a retailer.
You can start by visiting global.irobot.com for support tips, frequently asked 
questions, and information about accessories. This information can also be 
found in the iRobot HOME App. If you need further assistance, call the US 
Customer Care team at (877) 855-8593.
iRobot USA Customer Care Hours
Monday to Friday, 9AM — 9PM Eastern Time
Saturday and Sunday 9AM — 6PM Eastern Time
Outside USA & Canada 
Visit global.irobot.com to: 
Learn more about iRobot in your country
 Get hints and tips to improve your product performance
Get answers to questions
Contact your local support center
iRobot Customer Care

EN
 Roomba Combo j7+ Owner’s Guide        13
FCC Supplier’s Declaration of Conformity
iRobot Corporation                                                    Roomba Model: RCA-Y1
FCC ID: UFE-RCAY1
Contains FCC ID: UFE-AXGY1 and contains IC: 6652A-AXGY1
This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules and ICES-003. 
Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) This device may not 
cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference 
received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.
This device complies with Industry Canada license-exempt RSS standard(s). 
Operation is subject to the following two conditions: 1) This device may not 
cause interference, and 2) this device must accept any interference, including 
interference that may cause undesired operation of the device.
• Changes or modifications not expressly approved by iRobot Corporation 
could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment.
•  This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a 
Class B digital device, pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules as well as ICES-
003 Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against 
harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, 
uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used 
in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio 
communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference to radio 
communication will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment 
does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can 
be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged 
to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures: 
• Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
• Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
•  Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to 
which the receiver is connected.
•  Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
•  Under Industry Canada regulations, this radio transmitter may only operate 
using an antenna of a type and maximum (or lesser) gain approved for 
the transmitter by Industry Canada. To reduce potential radio interference 
to other users, the antenna type and its gain should be so chosen that 
the equivalent isotropically radiated power (e.i.r.p.) is not more than the 
necessary for successful communication.
•  FCC Radiation Exposure Statement: This product complies with FCC 
§2.1091(b) for mobile device RF exposure limits, set forth for an uncontrolled 
environment and is safe for the intended operation as described in this 
manual. Per FCC requirements, maintain a distance of more than 8 inches 
(20 cm) between any person and the host device (Roomba Combo robot).
•  ISED Radiation Exposure Statement: This product complies with the Canadian 
Standard RSS-102 for mobile device RF exposure limits, set forth for an 
uncontrolled environment and is safe for the intended operation as described 
in this manual. Per ISED requirements, 
 maintain a distance of more than 8 inches (20 cm) between any person and 
the robot.
iRobot Corporation, 8 Crosby Drive, Bedford, MA 01730 USA.
https://global.irobot.com
For battery recycling go to call2recycle.org;  
or call 1-800-822-8837
Regulatory Information

14        For more information, visit global.irobot.com
EN
©2022 iRobot Corporation, 8 Crosby Drive, Bedford, MA 01730 USA. All rights reserved. iRobot is 
a registered trademark of iRobot Corporation. Roomba Combo, Clean Base and Dirt Detect are 
trademarks of iRobot Corporation. Wi-Fi and the Wi-Fi logo are registered trademarks of Wi-Fi 
Alliance. Apple and App Store are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. 
Google Play is a trademark of Google LLC. Bona is a registered trademark of Bona AB Corp.

FR
Cet appareil peut être utilisé par des enfants âgés de 8 ans et plus, et par des personnes ayant des 
capacités physiques, sensorielles ou mentales réduites, ou un manque d’expérience et de connaissances, 
si des conseils ou des instructions leur ont été donnés concernant l’utilisation en toute sécurité de 
l’appareil et les dangers que cela comporte. Les enfants ne doivent pas jouer avec l’appareil. Le 
nettoyage et l’entretien par l’utilisateur ne doivent pas être effectués par des enfants sans surveillance. 
Consignes de sécurité
Consignes de sécurité importantes
CONSERVEZ CES INSTRUCTIONS
AVERTISSEMENT : Lorsque vous utilisez un appareil électrique, vous devez toujours respecter certaines 
précautions de base, notamment :
LIRE TOUTES LES INSTRUCTIONS AVANT L’UTILISATION
AVERTISSEMENT : Pour réduire tout risque de blessure ou de dommage, lisez et respectez les consignes 
de sécurité suivantes lors de la configuration, de l’utilisation et de l’entretien de votre robot.
Ce guide du propriétaire comprend des renseignements sur les modèles de réglementation : 
Robot : RCA-Y1 | Station : ADG-N1 | Batterie : ABL-F | Module de radio : AXG-Y1
Voici le symbole d’alerte de sécurité. Il est utilisé pour vous informer d’éventuels risques de blessure. 
Respectez tous les messages de sécurité qui suivent ce symbole afin d’éviter tout risque de blessure ou de mort.
Risque 
d’électrocution
Équipement de classe II
Puissance de sortie 
nominale, c.c.
 
Lire le manuel de 
l’opérateur
Symbole général de 
recyclage
Risque 
d’incendie
Ne l’utilisez pas à l’extérieur ou 
sur des surfaces humides.
Puissance d’entrée 
nominale, c.c.
Tenir hors de portée 
des enfants
Unité d’alimentation 
séparée
Attention
Puissance d’entrée nominale, 
c.a.

FR
AVERTISSEMENT : Indique une situation dangereuse qui, si elle n’est pas 
évitée, peut entraîner la mort ou de graves blessures. 
ATTENTION : Indique une situation dangereuse qui, si elle n’est pas évitée, 
peut entraîner des blessures mineures ou modérées. 
AVIS : Indique une situation dangereuse qui, si elle n’est pas évitée, peut 
entraîner des dommages matériels.
GÉNÉRAL
AVERTISSEMENT 
• Votre robot est fourni avec un cordon d’alimentation adapté à votre 
région et est conçu pour être branché uniquement sur une prise de 
courant c.a. domestique standard. N’utilisez aucun autre cordon 
d’alimentation. Pour obtenir un cordon de remplacement adapté à votre 
région, communiquez avec le service d’assistance à la clientèle.
• Ne plongez pas votre robot dans l’eau.
• N’ouvrez pas le boîtier de votre robot, à moins de le faire selon les 
instructions pour installer ou remplacer la batterie ou pour effectuer 
l’entretien requis. N’ouvrez pas la station de recharge intégrée, appelé 
Home Base ou Clean Base. Elle ne renferme aucune pièce pouvant être 
réparée par l’utilisateur. Confiez l’entretien à du personnel d’entretien 
qualifié.
• Risque de décharge électrique; n’utilisez l’appareil qu’à l’intérieur dans 
un environnement sec.
• Ne manipulez pas le robot ni la station de recharge avec les mains 
mouillées. 
• N’utilisez pas de chargeurs non autorisés. L’utilisation d’un chargeur non 
autorisé pourrait faire en sorte que la batterie surchauffe, prenne feu ou 
explose, ou que de la fumée s’en dégage.
• Votre robot n’est pas un jouet. Il est nécessaire de surveiller les jeunes 
enfants et les animaux domestiques lorsque le robot est en marche. 
Ne vous assoyez pas ou ne vous tenez pas debout sur le robot ni sur la 
station de recharge.
• Rangez et utilisez le robot à température ambiante uniquement.
• Si la pièce à nettoyer comprend un balcon, mettez en place une 
barrière physique pour empêcher l’appareil d’y accéder et pour garantir 
un fonctionnement sécuritaire.
• Nettoyez la lentille des capteurs (de détection de bordure ou de vide) 
et les couvercles sous votre robot pour éliminer toute accumulation de 
poussière et de saleté, au besoin.
• Si la pièce à nettoyer comprend des électroménagers, comme un four, 
un ventilateur ou un humidificateur d’air, retirez les appareils avant de 
commencer le nettoyage. Des blessures, des accidents ou des risques 
de défectuosité pourraient survenir si le robot entre en contact avec les 
appareils et les pousse.
• N’utilisez pas la plaque de la lingette réutilisable comme poignée pour 
soulever ou déplacer le robot.
• Sachez que les sols peuvent être glissants après leur nettoyage humide 
avec votre robot.
• N’utilisez pas le robot dans des zones avec des prises de courant 
exposées au sol.
ATTENTION  
• N’utilisez pas cet appareil pour ramasser des objets tranchants, du verre 
ou tout objet qui brûle ou qui fume.
• N’oubliez pas que le robot se déplace seul. Faites attention en vous 
déplaçant dans la zone où le robot fait son travail afin d’éviter de 
marcher dessus.
•  Si l’appareil passe sur un cordon d’alimentation et l’entraîne, il est 
possible qu’un objet sur une table ou une étagère soit également 
entraîné. Avant d’utiliser cet appareil, ramassez les objets comme les 
vêtements et les papiers volants et ne laissez pas traîner les cordons de 
stores ou de rideaux, les cordons d’alimentation et les objets fragiles. 
• Effectuez l’entretien requis conformément au guide du propriétaire 
pour garantir le fonctionnement sécuritaire du robot et de la station de 
recharge.
• Si le robot fonctionne sur un plancher avec des escaliers, veuillez 
éliminer tout encombrement de la marche supérieure.
 
• Évitez de mouiller le robot ou la station de recharge.
• Ne placez aucun objet sur le robot.
•  Si les contacts du chargeur ne sont pas nettoyés régulièrement, il est 
possible que la batterie du robot ne puisse plus se recharger.
• Avant de faire fonctionner votre robot sur des planchers durs, veuillez 
le tester sur une petite section du plancher dur pour vous assurer qu’il 

FR
est compatible. L’utilisation de votre robot pour nettoyer un plancher 
dur qui n’est pas compatible pourrait endommager votre plancher. 
Communiquez avec le fabricant de votre plancher pour connaître la 
compatibilité.
• Avant d’utiliser votre robot pour nettoyer les tapis, vérifiez s’ils sont 
adaptés au nettoyage avec brosses ou barres. L’utilisation de votre 
robot pour nettoyer un tapis qui n’est pas compatible pourrait 
endommager vos tapis. Communiquez avec le fabricant des tapis pour 
connaître les accessoires à utiliser.
BATTERIE
AVERTISSEMENT  
• Ne pas ouvrir, écraser, chauffer à plus de 80 °C ou brûler. Suivez les 
directives du guide du propriétaire pour une utilisation, une maintenance, 
une manipulation et une élimination adéquates.
• Évitez de court-circuiter la batterie en permettant à des objets métalliques 
d’entrer en contact avec les bornes de la batterie ou en l’immergeant dans 
un liquide. Évitez de soumettre les batteries à des chocs mécaniques.
• Les batteries au lithium-ion et les produits qui contiennent des batteries au 
lithium-ion sont soumis à des règles de transport très strictes. Si vous avez 
besoin d’expédier ce produit (batterie incluse) pour des services, un voyage 
ou toute autre raison, vous devez consulter la section sur le dépannage de 
votre guide du propriétaire ou communiquer avec le service d’assistance à 
la clientèle pour obtenir les instructions d’expédition.
• Vérifiez régulièrement le bloc-batterie pour détecter tout signe de 
dommage ou de fuite. Ne chargez pas les blocs-batterie endommagés 
ou qui fuient. Ne laissez pas le liquide entrer en contact avec la peau ou 
les yeux. En cas de contact, lavez la zone touchée abondamment à l’eau 
et consultez un médecin. Placez la batterie dans un sac en plastique 
hermétiquement fermé et recyclez-la ou éliminez-la conformément aux 
réglementations environnementales locales, ou retournez-la au centre de 
service local agréé iRobot aux fins d’élimination.
• Gardez le bloc-batterie propre et sec. Essuyez les bornes de la pile ou de la 
batterie avec un chiffon propre et sec si elles sont sales.
ATTENTION 
• L’utilisation de la batterie par de jeunes enfants doit être surveillée. 
Consultez immédiatement un professionnel de la santé en cas 
d’ingestion d’une batterie.
• Le bloc-batterie doit être retiré du robot avant d’être recyclé ou éliminé.
• Pour obtenir des résultats optimaux, utilisez uniquement la batterie au 
lithium-ion qui est fournie avec le robot. 
• N’utilisez pas de batteries non rechargeables. Utilisez uniquement 
la batterie rechargeable fournie avec le produit. Pour la remplacer, 
procurez-vous une batterie iRobot identique ou communiquez avec 
le service d’assistance à la clientèle d’iRobot pour connaître d’autres 
options.
• Avant de ranger à long terme le robot et ses accessoires, chargez 
toujours les batteries et retirez-les du robot.
SOLUTION DE NETTOYAGE
AVERTISSEMENT  
• Les produits d’entretien ménager sont sécuritaires lorsqu’ils sont utilisés 
et stockés conformément aux instructions figurant sur l’étiquette. 
Assurez-vous de toujours lire et suivre les instructions attentivement.
• Utilisez uniquement la solution de nettoyage autorisée que vous 
trouverez sur answers.irobot.com/s/roomba-combo-cleanser.
• Pour les avertissements concernant les solutions de nettoyage, se référer 
à l’emballage extérieur et à la bouteille contenant la solution.
Garder hors de portée des 
enfants.
Se rincer les mains 
après utilisation.
Tenir à l’écart des yeux. Si le 
produit pénètre dans les yeux, 
rincer abondamment à l’eau.
ÉLIMINATION AUTOMATIQUE DE LA SALETÉ
AVERTISSEMENT  
• N’utilisez pas si le cordon ou la fiche sont endommagés. Si l’appareil 

IV        FPour obtenir plus d’informations, consultez le site global.irobot.com
FR
ne fonctionne pas comme il le devrait, s’il a été échappé, endommagé, 
laissé dehors ou échappé dans l’eau, retournez-le à un centre de 
services. 
• Déconnectez toujours le robot du dispositif d’élimination de la saleté 
avant de le nettoyer ou de l’entretenir.
• Chargez le robot uniquement avec l’alimentation fournie. L’alimentation 
fournie génère une très basse tension de sécurité correspondant au 
marquage d’entrée sur le robot qui est nécessaire pour assurer un 
fonctionnement sûr.
• N’insérez aucun objet dans les ouvertures. N’utilisez pas si une ouverture 
est obstruée. Maintenir exempt de poussières, de peluches et de 
cheveux ainsi que de tout ce qui pourrait réduire le débit d’air. 
• Afin d’éviter que le robot ne déboule les escaliers, assurez-vous que la 
station de recharge est située à au moins 1,2 m (4 pi) des escaliers.
• Pour entretenir correctement le dispositif d’élimination de la saleté, ne 
placez pas d’objets dans votre port d’élimination automatique de la 
saleté et assurez-vous qu’il est exempt de débris.
• Afin d’éviter tout danger dû à un enclenchement intempestif de la 
protection thermique, cet appareil ne doit pas être alimenté par un 
dispositif de commutation externe, tel qu’une minuterie, ou connecté à 
un circuit qui est régulièrement mis en marche et arrêté par le service 
public.
• Ne versez aucun liquide dans l’appareil et ne pas l’immerger dans l’eau.
• Ne versez pas de liquide dans ou sur le dispositif d’élimination de la 
saleté.
• N’utilisez pas à l’extérieur ou sur des surfaces humides. 
• Ne permettez pas qu’il soit utilisé comme un jouet. Il est nécessaire de 
faire bien attention lorsqu’il est utilisé par des enfants ou à proximité 
d’enfants.
• Afin d’éviter tout danger dû à un enclenchement intempestif de la 
protection thermique, cet appareil ne doit pas être alimenté par un 
dispositif de commutation externe, tel qu’une minuterie, ou connecté à 
un circuit qui est régulièrement mis en marche et arrêté par le service 
public.
• N’utilisez le robot que conformément aux instructions figurant dans ce 
guide.
• Pour réduire le risque d’électrocution, débranchez le dispositif 
d’élimination de la saleté avant de le nettoyer.
• Tenez le dispositif d’élimination de la saleté et le cordon d’alimentation 
à l’écart des surfaces chaudes.
ATTENTION 
• Ne chargez que la batterie fournie avec votre robot. Tout autre type de 
batterie risque d’éclater et d’occasionner des blessures. Communiquez 
toujours avec le Service d’assistance à la clientèle d’iRobot pour obtenir 
une batterie de remplacement.
• Le produit ne peut pas être utilisé avec un convertisseur de puissance. 
L’utilisation d’un convertisseur de puissance annule immédiatement la 
garantie.
• Si vous vivez dans une zone sujette aux orages violents, nous vous 
recommandons d’utiliser des parasurtenseurs. En cas d’orage violent, 
vous pouvez protéger le dispositif d’élimination de la saleté à l’aide d’un 
parasurtenseur.
• N’utilisez pas sans sac à poussière ou filtre installé.
Le symbole sur la batterie indique que la batterie ne doit pas être éliminée 
avec les déchets municipaux non triés. En tant qu’utilisateur final, il est de 
votre responsabilité d’éliminer la batterie en fin de vie de votre appareil 
d’une manière respectueuse de l’environnement. Pour ce faire, veuillez 
procéder comme suit :
(1) la retourner au distributeur/revendeur auprès duquel vous avez acheté 
le produit; ou
(2) la déposer dans un point de collecte désigné.
La collecte et le recyclage séparés des batteries en fin de vie au moment 
de leur élimination contribuent à préserver les ressources naturelles et 
à garantir leur recyclage de manière à protéger la santé humaine et 
l’environnement. Pour plus d’informations, veuillez communiquer avec 
votre centre de recyclage local ou avec le revendeur auprès duquel 
vous avez acheté le produit. Si les batteries en fin de vie ne sont pas 
correctement éliminées, les substances contenues dans les batteries et les 
accumulateurs peuvent avoir des effets néfastes sur l’environnement et la 
santé humaine.
   Remarque : Pour recycler la batterie, consultez le site call2recycle.org  
         ou appelez au 1 800-822-8837.

 Guide du propriétaire du Roomba Combo™ j7+        1
FR
Renseignements sur votre robot aspirateur et laveur 
Roomba Combo™
BacVue du dessus
Vue du dessous
Filtre
Bouchon du réservoir
Réservoir d’eau
Bac à 
poussière
Façade
Plaque de la lingette 
réutilisable
Capteur de suivi 
des murs
Caméra
Bouton de 
nettoyage
Bouton de 
dégagement 
du bac
Contacts de 
chargement
Roue pivotante
Détecteur de 
vide
Détecteur de 
plancher
Détecteurs de 
vide
Brosse latérale
Brosses 
multisurfaces
Détecteurs de 
plancher
Languette de 
dégagement de 
l’armature de la 
brosse 
Capuchons de 
brosse
Bac
Capteur de suivi 
du sol
Détecteurs de vide
Détecteur de vide

2        FPour obtenir plus d’informations, consultez le site global.irobot.com
FR
Couvercle du 
réservoir
Conduit 
d’évacuation
Cages de roues
Contacts de 
chargement
Renseignements sur le dispositif d’élimination 
automatique de la saleté Clean Base™
Vue du dessus
Vue avant
Rembobineur de 
cordon
Guide-rails de 
sac
Tube d’évacuation des 
débris
Tube d’évacuation des 
débris
Compartiment 
pour ranger 
le sac
Couvercle de la 
soufflerie
Capteur de présence 
de sac
Vue arrière
Vue du dessous
Cible pour 
l’ancrage visuel
Ouverture 
d’évacuation 
des débris
Languette
Voyant DEL

 Guide du propriétaire du Roomba Combo™ j7+        3
FR
Téléchargez l’application iRobot Home et connectez-
vous au réseau Wi-Fi®
• Suivez les instructions étape par étape pour configurer votre Roomba Combo™.
• Configurez la naviguation Precision Vision pour éviter les obstacles en temps réel.
•  Définissez un programme de nettoyage automatique et personnalisez les 
préférences de nettoyage.
•  Créez des cartes intelligentes pour dire à votre robot où, quand et comment laver.
Recharge
CLEAN
•  Placez le robot sur la station de recharge pour activer la batterie.
•  Le robot aspirateur consomme une petite quantité d’électricité lorsqu’il est 
sur la station de recharge. Il est toutefois possible de mettre le robot en mode 
faible consommation lorsqu’il n’est pas utilisé. Pour des instructions et plus de 
détails sur le mode de veille avec faible consommation, consultez la FAQ de 
notre site Web.
•  Pour un rangement à long terme, éteignez le robot en le retirant de la station 
de recharge et en maintenant le bouton de nettoyage enfoncé 3 secondes 
pendant qu’une roue du robot ne touche pas le sol. Rangez le robot dans un 
endroit frais et sec.
Anneau lumineux pendant la charge
Spirale blanche : recharge en cours
Une lumière blanche fixe indique le 
pourcentage de chargement de la batterie 
de votre robot
 Remarque :  Votre robot est livré avec une charge partielle, mais nous vous 
recommandons de le charger pendant 3 heures avant de démarrer la première tâche 
de nettoyage complète.
Lorsque votre robot est entièrement 
chargé, l’anneau lumineux s’allumera 
en pulsions intermittentes à l’arrière.
Utilisation de votre robot aspirateur et laveur 
Roomba Combo™
Positionnement de la station de recharge Home Base
Bonne couverture Wi-Fi®
* Les objets ne sont pas 
à l’échelle.
1,20 m (4 pi) 
des escaliers
0,3 m (1 pi) 
au-dessus
1,20 m (4 pi) 
à l’avant
0,5 m (1,5 pi) 
des deux côtés
Remarque : 
N’exposez pas la 
station Clean Base™ 
directement au 
soleil. Assurez-
vous que la zone 
à proximité de la 
station est dégagée 
pour améliorer la 
performance de la 
station.
AVERTISSEMENT : 
Afin d’éviter que le 
robot ne déboule les 
escaliers, assurez-
vous que la station 
de recharge est 
située à au moins 
1,2 m (4 pi) des 
escaliers.

4        FPour obtenir plus d’informations, consultez le site global.irobot.com
FR
Lavage des sols
•  Votre robot peut passer l’aspirateur et laver les planchers en même temps. Pour 
commencer une tâche d’aspiration et de lavage pour votre robot, remplissez le 
réservoir, fixez une lingette et appuyez sur le bouton de nettoyage. 
•  Lorsque votre robot rencontre un tapis 
pendant son nettoyage, il soulève et range la 
plaque de la lingette.
•  Après le nettoyage et l’aspiration terminés,  
assurez-vous de vider le réservoir d’eau et de 
remplacer la lingette.
• Votre robot explorera et nettoiera automatiquement votre maison, en rangées 
soignées et en évitant les obstacles à l’aide de sa caméra avant. Il retournera 
à la station de recharge à la fin d’une tâche de nettoyage et chaque fois qu’il 
a besoin d’être rechargé.
•  Pour mettre fin à une tâche et renvoyer le robot à sa station de recharge, 
maintenez le bouton de nettoyage enfoncé pendant 2 à 5 secondes. Un motif 
de voyant DEL bleu indique que le robot cherche la station de recharge.
•  Lorsque votre robot détecte une zone particulièrement sale, il active l’option 
Dirt Detect™ et se déplace vers l’avant et vers l’arrière pour mieux nettoyer la 
zone. Le voyant lumineux bleu clignotera.
Aspiration
• Pour commencer une tâche d’aspiration seulement pour votre robot, videz 
le réservoir ou détachez la lingette réutilisable avant d’appuyer sur le 
bouton de nettoyage.
Appuyez sur le bouton de nettoyage.
Appuyez pour démarrer/mettre en 
pause/reprendre.
Maintenez-le enfoncé pendant 2 à 
5 secondes pour mettre fin à une tâche.
Votre robot peut reconnaître et éviter des objets. 
Toutefois, nous vous recommandons de dégager 
les zones avant le nettoyage.
Lorsque votre robot détecte que son 
bac a besoin d’être vidé, le voyant DEL 
s’allume en rouge avec un mouvement 
de balayage vers l’arrière.
Nettoyage
AVERTISSEMENT : Pour éviter d’endommager votre robot, ne rangez pas 
manuellement la plaque de la lingette de nettoyage sur la tablette de la lingette. 
1
3
2
4
Appuyez sur le bouton de 
dégagement du bac pour 
retirer ce dernier.
Fixez une lingette réutilisable.
Remplissez le réservoir avec 
de l’eau et une solution 
nettoyante compatible.
Replacez le bac dans le robot.

 Guide du propriétaire du Roomba Combo™ j7+        5
FR
Solution de nettoyage
Pour de meilleurs résultats lorsque vous lavez les sols, utilisez les solutions de 
nettoyage pour planchers de bois franc et sols durs Bona®. Les deux solutions 
conviennent pour la plupart des planchers durs bien scellés.
À propos du dispositif d’élimination automatique de la 
saleté
Tandis qu’il nettoie, le robot retourne automatiquement au dispositif 
d’élimination de la saleté pour vider son bac et se recharger, au besoin. 
Le voyant DEL du dispositif d’élimination de la saleté devient rouge fixe 
lorsqu’un nouveau sac est nécessaire. Si une obstruction est détectée, le 
dispositif d’élimination de la saleté déclenche plusieurs tentatives afin de 
l’éliminer automatiquement.
Échantillons de solutions
Compris dans l’emballage
1 solution par réservoir
Mélangez selon les instructions du fabricant et versez 
dans le réservoir.
Bouteilles prêtes à l’emploi
Vendues séparément
Remplissez le réservoir avec la solution de nettoyage. Il 
n’est pas nécessaire d’ajouter de l’eau.
Important : Seules certaines solutions de nettoyage peuvent être utilisées en toute 
sécurité avec votre robot. Vous trouverez une liste complète des solutions de nettoyage 
compatibles sur answers.irobot.com/s/roomba-combo-cleanser ou sur l’application. 
Veuillez ne pas utiliser d’autres solutions de nettoyage ou produits à base de javellisant.
• La batterie DOIT être désactivée avant l’envoi.
• Éteignez le robot en le retirant de la station de recharge et en 
maintenant le bouton de nettoyage enfoncé 3 secondes pendant 
qu’une roue du robot ne touche pas le sol. Tous les voyants s’éteindront.
• Emballez le robot avec précaution en vue de l’expédition.
• Pour obtenir de l’aide, communiquez avec notre équipe du service 
d’assistance à la clientèle ou visitez le global.irobot.com.
Dépannage
AVERTISSEMENT : Les batteries au lithium-ion et les produits qui contiennent 
des batteries au lithium-ion sont soumis à des règles de transport très 
strictes. Si vous avez besoin d’expédier votre produit à des fins d’entretien 
ou de réparation, de voyage ou pour une autre raison, vous DEVEZ respecter 
les instructions d’expédition suivantes.
Voyant rouge
 Batterie faible. Chargez le robot.
•  En cas de dysfonctionnement,  
votre robot émet un signal 
sonore et le voyant DEL s’allume 
en rouge. Appuyez sur le bouton 
de nettoyage ou sur le pare-
chocs pour plus de détails. 
Consultez l’application iRobot 
Home pour obtenir de l’aide.
•  Après 90 minutes d’inactivité 
hors de la station de recharge, 
le robot terminera sa tâche de 
nettoyage automatiquement. 
•  Pour réinitialiser votre robot à l’état d’usine, retirez le bac à poussière et 
maintenez le bouton de nettoyage enfoncé pendant sept (7) secondes. Un 
signal sonore vous indiquera lorsque la réinitialisation l’état d’usine sera 
terminée. Appuyez une fois de plus sur le bouton de nettoyage pour confirmer.
Informations relatives à la sécurité et l’expédition de 
batteries
Pour obtenir des résultats optimaux, utilisez uniquement la batterie au lithium-ion 
iRobot qui est fournie avec le robot.  
Remarque :Si le fonctionnement manuel du robot est activé, le dispositif d’élimination de 
la saleté ne se videra pas automatiquement. Dans ce cas, utilisez l’application iRobot 
Home ou maintenez le bouton enfoncé pendant 2 à 5 secondes.

6        FPour obtenir plus d’informations, consultez le site global.irobot.com
FR
Pièce Fréquence d’entretienFréquence de 
remplacement* 
Lingette réutilisableNettoyer après utilisationAprès 30 lavages.
BacNettoyer le bac au besoin
FiltreNettoyer une fois par semaine (deux 
fois par semaine si vous possédez un 
animal de compagnie) Ne pas laver.
Tous les deux mois
Contacts de chargementNettoyer toutes les deux semaines
Capteur de bac pleinNettoyer toutes les deux semaines
Roue avantNettoyer toutes les deux semainesTous les ans
Brosse latérale et brosses 
principales multisurface
Nettoyer une fois par mois (deux fois 
par mois si vous possédez un animal 
de compagnie)
Tous les ans
Capteur, fenêtre de la 
caméra et tablette de lingette
Nettoyer une fois par mois
Sacs-Les sacs doivent être 
remplacés lorsque le 
voyant DEL/l’application 
donne l’alerte
Couvercle de la soufflerie dans 
le réservoir
Une fois par mois (éliminer les débris 
du couvercle de la soufflerie)
Entretien et maintenance
Instructions d’entretien et de maintenance
Respectez les procédures décrites dans les pages suivantes pour préserver les 
performances optimales de votre robot. 
Vous trouverez des vidéos pédagogiques supplémentaires dans l’application 
iRobot Home. Si vous remarquez que votre robot ramasse moins de débris sur 
le plancher, videz le bac, nettoyez le filtre et nettoyez les brosses.
Dépannage du dispositif d’élimination automatique de 
la saleté
Le dispositif d’élimination de la saleté vous informera que quelque chose ne va 
pas à l’aide d’un voyant DEL situé à l’avant du réservoir et par l’entremise de 
l’application iRobot Home.
Ce produit est équipé d’un protecteur thermique conçu pour le protéger contre 
les dommages dus à une surchauffe. Si le protecteur est mis en fonction, le moteur 
cesse de fonctionner. Si cela se produit, débranchez l’appareil, laissez-le refroidir 
pendant 30 minutes, éliminez toute obstruction de l’embouchure et du tube 
d’évacuation, puis rebranchez l’appareil. 
 Remarque : iRobot fabrique diverses pièces et divers assemblages de rechange. Si vous 
pensez avoir besoin d’une pièce de rechange, communiquez avec le service d’assistance 
à la clientèle d’iRobot. 
 * La fréquence de remplacement peut varier. Les pièces devraient être changées en cas d’usure visible.
Voyant DELErreur couranteRéparation 
Rouge fixeSac plein ou  
manquant
1. Remplacez le sac s’il est plein ou manquant.
2. Assurez-vous que le sac est bien inséré.
3. Si le problème persiste, retirez tout débris 
de l’ouverture située au bas du robot et du 
dispositif d’élimination de la saleté.
Rouge 
clignotant
Il y a une fuite ou 
une obstruction 
dans le chemin 
d’évacuation de la 
station.
1. Assurez-vous que le couvercle du réservoir est 
bien fermé de façon hermétique. Maintenez 
le bouton de nettoyage de votre robot 
enfoncé pendant 2 secondes pour vider 
manuellement le bac.
2. Retirez tout débris de l’ouverture située au 
bas du robot et du dispositif d’élimination de 
la saleté.
3. Débranchez le dispositif d’élimination de la 
saleté du mur. Mettez-le sur le côté et exa-
miner le tube d’évacuation pour voir s’il y a 
des débris. Si nécessaire, retirez le tube pour 
éliminer les débris.

 Guide du propriétaire du Roomba Combo™ j7+        7
FR
LAVAGE À LA MAIN
Lavez minutieusement la lingette à l’eau tiède.
LAVAGE À LA MACHINE
Lavez en utilisant le cycle tiède, puis séchez à l’air. 
Ne mettez pas dans la sécheuse. Ne pas laver 
avec les tissus délicats.
Nettoyer la lingette réutilisableVidage du bac
 Remarque : Vous pouvez nettoyer vos lingettes 
réutilisables de deux façons : soit par un rinçage à la 
main, soit dans une machine à laver.machine.
1
2
3
Appuyez sur le bouton de dégagement du 
bac pour retirer ce dernier.
Ouvrez la porte du bac pour le vider.
Replacez le bac dans le robot.
Nettoyage du filtre
1
2
3
Retirez le bac. Retirez le filtre en agrippant 
les deux extrémités et en tirant.
Enlevez les débris se trouvant sur le 
filtre en le frappant doucement contre 
votre poubelle.
Réinsérez le filtre avec les contours 
ondulés orientés vers l’extérieur. 
Replacez le bac dans le robot.
Important: Le robot ne fonctionnera 
pas si le filtre n’est pas installé 
correctement. Remplacer le filtre tous 
les deux mois.

8        FPour obtenir plus d’informations, consultez le site global.irobot.com
FR
Nettoyage des contacts de 
chargement
Nettoyage des capteurs de bac plein
1
1
2
34
Essuyez les contacts de chargement 
avec un chiffon propre et sec.
Retirez et videz le bac.
Essuyez les capteurs internes avec 
un chiffon propre et sec.
Essuyez la porte du bac avec un chiffon 
propre et sec.
Retirez les débris du 
chemin de l’aspirateur.
Porte fermée
Porte ouverte

 Guide du propriétaire du Roomba Combo™ j7+        9
FR
Nettoyage des brosses multisurfacesNettoyage de la roue avant
11
3
2
4
3
2
4
Pincez la languette de dégagement 
de l’armature de la brosse, soulevez la 
languette et retirez toute obstruction.
Tirez fermement sur le module de roue avant 
pour le retirer du robot.
Retirez les débris à l’intérieur de la 
cavité de la roue.
 Tirez fermement sur la roue pour l’enlever de 
son logement (voir l’illustration ci-dessous).
Une fois les débris retirés, réinstallez toutes 
les pièces.Assurez-vous de bien fixer la 
roue dans son emplacement (vous devez 
entendre un clic). 
Retirez les cheveux ou les débris coincés 
autour des tiges carrée et hexagonale,  
à l’autre extrémité des brosses. 
Retirez les brosses du robot. Retirez les 
capuchons de brosse aux extrémités 
des brosses. Retirez les cheveux ou les 
débris qui se trouvent sous les capuchons. 
Réinstallez les capuchons des brosses.
Réinstallez les brosses dans le robot. 
Faites correspondre la forme des tiges 
de brosses avec la forme des icônes du 
module de tête de nettoyage des brosses.
Important: Une roue avant encombrée de 
débris ou de cheveux peut endommager 
le plancher. Si la roue ne tourne pas 
librement une fois que vous l’avez nettoyée, 
communiquez avec le service d’assistance à 
la clientèle.
Roue
Axe
Logement

10        FPour obtenir plus d’informations, consultez le site global.irobot.com
FR
Nettoyage du bacNettoyage de la brosse latéraleNettoyage des capteurs, de la 
fenêtre de la caméra et des 
contacts de chargement
1
1
2
1
2
3
Retirez le bac, ainsi que le filtre et ouvrez 
la porte du bac.
 Servez-vous d’une pièce de monnaie ou 
d’un petit tournevis pour retirer la vis qui 
retient la brosse latérale en place.
Tirez pour retirer la brosse latérale. 
Enlevez les cheveux ou les débris, puis 
réinstallez la brosse.
Essuyez les capteurs, la fenêtre de la 
caméra et la tablette de lingette avec un 
chiffon propre et sec.
Rincez le bac à poussière et le réservoir 
d’eau à l’eau tiède
Assurez-vous que le bac est 
complètement sec. Réinsérez le filtre, puis 
replacez le bac dans le robot.
 Remarque : Vérifiez la fenêtre de la 
caméra. Si vous voyez des fissures, veuillez 
communiquer avec le service d’assistance 
à la clientèle.
Remarque : Le bac ne doit pas être mis au 
lave-vaisselle.
Important: Ne pas pulvériser d’eau ni de 
solution de nettoyage sur les capteurs ou 
leurs ouvertures.
Important: Ne pas nettoyer le filtre.
Retirer le filtre avant de nettoyer le bac.

 Guide du propriétaire du Roomba Combo™ j7+        11
FR
Remplacement du sacÉlimination des débris du couvercle 
de la soufflerie
13
2
4
5
Appuyez sur le couvercle du réservoir pour 
qu’il s’ouvre.
 Jetez le sac usé.
Examinez le couvercle de la soufflerie pour voir 
s’il y a une accumulation de peluches ou de 
débris. Essuyez avec un chiffon propre et sec pour 
les éliminer.
Tirez fermement sur la carte de plastique 
pour retirer le sac du réservoir.
Installez un nouveau sac en faisant glisser 
la carte en plastique sur les guide-rails.
Appuyez sur le couvercle pour s’assurer 
qu’il est complètement fermé.
 Remarque : Cela rendra 
le sac hermétique, ainsi la 
poussière et les débris ne 
pourront s’en échapper.
 Remarque : Pour que le robot et le dispositif 
d’élimination automatique de la saleté 
atteignent un rendement optimal, nettoyez 
ou remplacez les filtres du robot au besoin.

12        FPour obtenir plus d’informations, consultez le site global.irobot.com
FR
États-Unis et Canada
Si vous avez des questions ou des commentaires concernant votre robot 
aspirateur et laveur Roomba Combo™, veuillez communiquer avec iRobot 
avant de contacter un détaillant.
Visitez d’abord le site global.irobot.com pour obtenir des conseils et accéder 
aux questions fréquentes ainsi qu’à des informations sur les accessoires. Vous 
trouverez également ces informations dans l’application iRobot Home. Si vous 
avez encore besoin d’aide, appelez notre équipe du service d’assistance à la 
clientèle au 877-855-8593.
Horaires du service d’assistance à la clientèle d’iRobot 
aux États-Unis
Du lundi au vendredi, de 9 h à 21 h, heure de l’Est
Du samedi au dimanche, de 9 h à 18 h, heure de l’Est
À l’extérieur des États-Unis et du Canada
Visitez le site global.irobot.com pour : 
En savoir plus sur iRobot dans votre pays.
 Découvrir les conseils et astuces permettant d’améliorer la performance de 
votre robot aspirateur et laveur Roomba Combo™.
Obtenir des réponses à vos questions.
Communiquer avec votre centre d’assistance local.
Service d’assistance à la clientèle iRobot

 Guide du propriétaire du Roomba Combo™ j7+        13
FR
Déclaration de conformité du fournisseur de la FCC
iRobot Corporation                                   Modèle Roomba Combo : RCA-Y1
FCC ID: UFE-RCAY1
Porte l’identification FCC : UFE-AXGY1 et le numéro IC : 6652A-AXGY1
Cet appareil respecte l’alinéa 15 des réglementations de la FCC et ICES-003. 
Son fonctionnement est soumis aux deux conditions suivantes : 1) Cet appareil 
ne doit pas provoquer d’interférences nuisibles, et 2) cet appareil doit tolérer 
toute interférence reçue, y compris les interférences susceptibles d’engendrer 
un fonctionnement indésirable.
Cet appareil est conforme aux normes d’exemption de licence CNR 
d’Innovation, Sciences et Développement économique Canada. Son 
fonctionnement est soumis aux deux conditions suivantes : 1) Cet appareil 
ne doit pas provoquer d’interférences, et 2) cet appareil doit tolérer toute 
interférence, y compris les interférences susceptibles d’engendrer un 
fonctionnement indésirable de l’appareil.
•  Les changements ou les modifications non approuvés expressément 
par iRobot Corporation sont susceptibles d’entraîner la révocation de 
l’autorisation d’utilisation de l’appareil par l’utilisateur.
•  Cet équipement a été testé et déclaré conforme aux limites d’un appareil 
numérique de classe B, conformément à l’alinéa 15 des réglementations 
de la FCC et ICES-003. Ces limites sont conçues pour assurer une 
protection raisonnable contre les interférences nuisibles dans une 
installation résidentielle. Cet équipement génère, utilise et peut émettre de 
l’énergie radiofréquence et, s’il n’est pas installé et utilisé conformément 
aux instructions, il peut provoquer des interférences nuisibles aux 
communications radio. Il n’existe toutefois aucune garantie que de telles 
interférences ne se produiront pas dans une installation particulière. Si cet 
équipement occasionne des interférences nuisibles aux réceptions radio 
ou télévisuelles, ce qui peut être déterminé en allumant et en éteignant 
l’appareil, l’utilisateur est invité à corriger ce problème en prenant une ou 
plusieurs des mesures suivantes :
• Réorientez ou repositionnez l’antenne de réception.
• Augmentez la distance entre l’équipement et le récepteur.
•  Branchez l’équipement sur la prise d’un circuit différent de celui du 
récepteur.
•  Consultez le revendeur ou un technicien radio/TV qualifié pour obtenir de 
l’aide.
•  Conformément à la réglementation d’Innovation, Sciences et Développement 
économique Canada, cet émetteur radio peut fonctionner uniquement avec 
une antenne d’un type et d’un gain maximal (ou inférieur) approuvés pour 
l’émetteur par Innovation, Sciences et Développement économique Canada. 
Dans le but de réduire les risques d’interférence radio pouvant être subis par 
les autres utilisateurs, il faut choisir le type d’antenne et son gain de sorte 
que la puissance isotrope rayonnée équivalente (p.i.r.e.) ne dépasse pas 
l’intensité nécessaire à l’établissement d’une communication satisfaisante.
•  Déclaration de la FCC sur l’exposition aux radiations : ce produit est 
conforme à la règle § 2.1091(b) de la FCC concernant les limites d’exposition 
aux RF émises par un appareil mobile dans un environnement non contrôlé, 
et il est considéré comme sécuritaire pour l’utilisation qui est décrite dans 
le présent manuel. Conformément aux exigences de la FCC, maintenez une 
distance de plus de 20 cm (8 po) entre toute personne et l’appareil hôte 
(robot Roomba Combo).
•  Déclaration de la ISED sur l’exposition aux radiations : ce produit est conforme 
à la norme canadienne RSS-102 concernant les limites d’exposition aux RF 
émises par un appareil portable dans un environnement non contrôlé, et il est 
considéré comme sécuritaire pour l’utilisation qui est décrite dans le présent 
manuel. Conformément aux exigences d’ISED, maintenez une distance de plus 
de 20 cm (8 po) entre toute personne et le robot.
iRobot Corporation, 8 Crosby Drive, Bedford,  
MA 01730 États-Unis.https://global.irobot.com
Pour recycler la batterie, consultez le site  
call2recycle.org ou appelez au 1 800-822-8837
Renseignements sur la réglementation

14        FPour obtenir plus d’informations, consultez le site global.irobot.com
FR
© 2022 iRobot Corporation, 8 Crosby Drive, Bedford, MA 01730 États-Unis. Tous droits réservés. 
iRobot est une marque déposée d’iRobot Corporation. Roomba Combo, Clean Base et Dirt Detect 
sont des marques de commerce d’iRobot Corporation. Wi-Fi et le logo Wi-Fi sont des marques 
déposées de Wi-Fi Alliance. Apple et App Store sont des marques de commerce d’Apple, Inc. 
déposée aux États-Unis et dans d’autres pays. Google Play est une marque de commerce de Google 
LLC. Bona est une marque de commerce déposée de Bona AB Corp.

ES
Este aparato pueden utilizarlo niños a partir de los 8 años y personas que tengan capacidades 
físicas, sensoriales o mentales reducidas, o que no posean experiencia ni conocimiento relacionados 
con el producto, siempre y cuando se las haya supervisado e instruido en lo que respecta a la 
seguridad en el uso del aparato y comprendan los riesgos involucrados. Los niños no deben jugar 
con el aparato. Tampoco deben realizar tareas de limpieza ni mantenimiento sin supervisión. 
Información de seguridad
Instrucciones importantes de seguridad
GUARDA ESTAS INSTRUCCIONES
ADVERTENCIA: Cuando se utiliza un aparato eléctrico, siempre se deben tomar precauciones 
básicas, como las siguientes:
LEE TODAS LAS INSTRUCCIONES ANTES DE USARLO
ADVERTENCIA: Para reducir el riesgo de lesiones o daños, lee estas precauciones de seguridad y 
guíate por ellas cuando configures y utilices el robot, y cuando lleves a cabo el mantenimiento.
En esta guía del usuario, se incluye información para los modelos reglamentarios: Robot: RCA-Y1 | 
Robot: RCA-Y1 | Acople: ADG-N1 | Batería: ABL-F | Módulo de radio: AXG-Y1
Este es el símbolo de alerta de seguridad. Se utiliza para alertar sobre posibles peligros de lesiones físicas. 
Guíate por todos los mensajes de seguridad que aparecen después de este símbolo para evitar posibles lesiones o la muerte.
Riesgo de 
descarga eléctrica
Equipo de clase II
Salida de potencia 
nominal, CC
 
Leer el manual del 
operador
Símbolo general de 
reciclaje
Riesgo de incendio
No lo utilice al aire libre ni 
en superficies mojadas
Entrada de potencia 
nominal, CC
Mantener fuera del 
alcance de los niños
Unidad de suministro 
independiente
Precaución
Entrada de potencia 
nominal, CA

ES
ADVERTENCIA: Indica que se trata de una situación peligrosa que,  
si no se evita, podría provocar la muerte o lesiones graves. 
PRECAUCIÓN: Indica que se trata de una situación peligrosa que,  
si no se evita, podría provocar lesiones leves o moderadas. 
AVISO: Indica que se trata de una situación peligrosa que, si no se evita, 
podría provocar daños materiales.
INFORMACIÓN GENERAL
ADVERTENCIA 
• El robot incluye un cable de suministro de energía aprobado en la 
región y está diseñado para conectarse exclusivamente a una salida de 
alimentación de CA para electrodomésticos estándar. No utilices ningún 
otro tipo de cable de alimentación. Si necesitas cables de repuesto, 
comunícate con Atención al cliente para seleccionar adecuadamente 
el cable de alimentación específico para tu país.
• No sumerjas el robot en agua.
• No abras el robot, excepto como se indica en las instrucciones 
para la instalación o el reemplazo de la batería, o para realizar el 
mantenimiento requerido. No abras el cargador de acople integrado, 
conocido como Home Base o Clean Base. No hay ninguna pieza interna 
que el usuario pueda reparar. Deja las tareas de mantenimiento en 
manos de personal de servicio calificado.
• Riesgo de descarga eléctrica. Solo para uso en áreas interiores secas.
• No manipules el robot ni la estación de carga con las manos mojadas. 
• No utilices cargadores no autorizados. Si usas un cargador no autorizado, 
la batería podría generar calor o humo, incendiarse o explotar.
• El robot no es un juguete. Se debe vigilar a los niños pequeños y las 
mascotas mientras el robot esté en funcionamiento. No te sientes ni te 
pares sobre el robot o el acople.
• Guarda y utiliza el robot solamente a temperatura ambiente.
• Si la habitación que debes limpiar tiene un balcón, se debe utilizar una 
barrera física para impedir el acceso al balcón y garantizar un uso seguro.
• Limpia el polvo y la suciedad acumulados de los lentes de sensores (de 
desnivel o de detección de bordes) y las cubiertas de la parte inferior 
del robot, según sea necesario.
• Si la habitación que vas a limpiar contiene artefactos, como una estufa, 
un ventilador o un humidificador, quítalos antes de poner el robot en 
funcionamiento. Si el robot entra en contacto con el artefacto y lo 
empuja, existe un riesgo de lesiones, accidentes o averías.
• No uses la placa de la almohadilla de trapeado como asa para 
levantar o mover el robot.
• Ten presente que los pisos pueden estar resbalosos después de la 
limpieza con el robot.
• No utilices el robot en áreas que tengan enchufes expuestos en el piso.
PRECAUCIÓN  
• No utilices este dispositivo para recoger objetos punzantes, vidrio ni 
ningún objeto que esté quemándose o produciendo humo.
• Recuerda que el robot se mueve por sí solo. Ten cuidado cuando 
camines en el área donde está funcionando el robot para evitar pisarlo.
•  Si el dispositivo pasa sobre un cable de alimentación y lo arrastra, 
podría caerse algún objeto que esté sobre una mesa o un estante. 
Antes de utilizar el dispositivo, recoge los objetos como ropa, papeles 
sueltos, cordones de persianas o cortinas, cables de alimentación y 
cualquier objeto frágil. 
• Realiza el mantenimiento que se describe en la guía del usuario para 
garantizar un funcionamiento seguro del robot y de la estación de carga.
• Si el robot está funcionando en un piso con escaleras, despeja el área 
del escalón superior.
• No dejes que se humedezca el robot ni la estación de carga.
• No coloques ningún objeto encima del robot.
•  Si no se mantienen limpios los contactos del cargador, se podría perder 
la capacidad de carga de la batería del robot y los contactos se 
recalentarán al tacto.
• Antes de utilizar el robot en pisos duros, prueba el robot en una 
pequeña sección de este para asegurarte de que sea compatible. Si 
utilizas el robot sobre un piso duro no compatible, podría causarle 
daños. Comunícate con el fabricante del piso duro en caso de que 
tengas dudas sobre la compatibilidad.
• Antes de poner el robot en funcionamiento sobre alfombras o tapetes, 
comprueba que las alfombras o los tapetes sean compatibles con 
aspiradoras que usen cepillos o barras de cepillos. Si utilizas el robot 
sobre una alfombra o un tapete no compatible, podrías causar daños 

ES
a tu alfombra o tapete. Comunícate con el fabricante de tu alfombra o 
tapete en caso de que tengas dudas sobre la compatibilidad.
BATERÍA
ADVERTENCIA  
• No abras, aplastes, incineres ni calientes la batería a más de 80 °C 
(176 °F). Sigue las instrucciones que aparecen en la guía del usuario 
para conocer el uso, el mantenimiento, la manipulación y la eliminación 
adecuados.
• No permitas que haya objetos de metal en contacto con los terminales 
de la batería ni la sumerjas en líquido, ya que podría producirse un 
cortocircuito. No expongas las baterías  
a sacudidas mecánicas.
• Las baterías de iones de litio y los productos que contienen esas baterías 
están sujetos a estrictas regulaciones de transporte. Si necesitas 
transportar este producto (con la batería incluida) para su reparación, 
por razones vinculadas con un viaje o por cualquier otro motivo, debes 
consultar la sección “Solución de problemas” de la guía del usuario o 
comunicarte con Atención al cliente a fin de que te proporcionen las 
instrucciones pertinentes de transporte.
• Inspecciona periódicamente las baterías para detectar cualquier señal 
de daño o fuga. No cargues baterías dañadas ni con fugas, ni permitas 
que el líquido entre en contacto con la piel o los ojos. Si hubo contacto, 
lava el área afectada con abundante agua y busca atención médica. 
Coloca la batería en una bolsa de plástico sellada y recíclala o deséchala 
siguiendo las normativas ambientales locales, o bien devuélvela al centro 
de atención autorizado local de iRobot para desecharla.
• Mantén limpias y secas las baterías. Limpia las celdas o los terminales de 
la batería con un paño limpio y seco si se ensucian.
PRECAUCIÓN 
• Se debe vigilar a los niños que puedan utilizar la batería. Obtén atención 
médica de inmediato en caso de ingesta de una celda o batería.
• Debes extraer las baterías del robot antes de reciclarlo o desecharlo.
• Para obtener mejores resultados, utiliza solamente la batería de iones 
de litio de iRobot que se incluye con el robot. 
• No utilices baterías no recargables. Utiliza solo las baterías recargables 
incluidas con el producto. Para cambiarlas, compra baterías de iRobot 
idénticas o comunícate con Atención al cliente de iRobot para obtener 
información sobre otras alternativas.
• Siempre carga las baterías y sácalas del robot, junto con los accesorios, 
antes de guardarlo por mucho tiempo.
SOLUCIÓN DE LIMPIEZA
ADVERTENCIA  
• Los productos de limpieza del hogar son seguros cuando se utilizan y 
guardan de acuerdo con las instrucciones que aparecen en la etiqueta. 
Siempre asegúrate de leer y seguir las instrucciones con cuidado.
• Solo usa la solución de limpieza autorizada que se encuentra en 
answers.irobot.com/s/roomba-combo-cleanser.
• Para conocer las advertencias sobre la solución de limpieza, consulta la 
caja externa y la botella de solución.
Mantener fuera del alcance 
de los niños.
Enjuágate las 
manos después de 
usarlo.
Mantener alejado de los 
ojos. Si el producto entra en 
contacto con los ojos, en-
juágatelos bien con agua.
ESTACIÓN DE VACIADO DE LA SUCIEDAD
ADVERTENCIA  
• No lo utilices con el cable ni el enchufe dañados. Si el aparato no funciona 
como debería, se cayó, se dañó, se dejó al aire libre o se sumergió en 
agua, devuélvelo a un centro de servicio. 
• Siempre desconecta el robot de la estación de vaciado antes de limpiarlo 
o de realizarle mantenimiento.
• Carga el robot solo con la fuente de alimentación que se proporciona. La 
fuente de alimentación proporcionada suministra una tensión extrabaja de 

ES
seguridad, correspondiente a la marca de entrada en el robot, la cual se 
necesita para mantener un funcionamiento seguro.
• No coloques ningún objeto en las aberturas. No lo uses con ninguna 
abertura bloqueada; mantenlo libre de polvo, pelusas, cabello y cualquier 
elemento que pueda reducir el flujo de aire. 
• Para evitar que el robot se caiga por las escaleras, asegúrate de que la 
estación de carga permanezca al menos a 1,2 metros (4 pies) de distancia 
de cualquier escalera.
• Para mantener de forma adecuada la estación de vaciado, no coloques 
objetos extraños dentro del puerto de la estación de vaciado de la 
suciedad y comprueba que no haya residuos.
• Con el fin de evitar riesgos causados por el reinicio inadvertido del 
termofusible, este aparato no debe recibir alimentación eléctrica 
a través de un dispositivo de conmutación externo, como un 
temporizador, ni conectarse a un circuito que el servicio público 
encienda y apague con frecuencia.
• No viertas ningún líquido en el dispositivo ni lo sumerjas en agua.
• No permitas que entren líquidos en la estación de vaciado ni que 
caigan sobre esta.
• No lo utilices al aire libre ni en superficies mojadas. 
• No permitas que se use como juguete. Se requiere estricta supervisión 
cuando sea utilizado por niños o cerca de ellos.
• Con el fin de evitar riesgos causados por el reinicio inadvertido del 
termofusible, este aparato no debe recibir alimentación eléctrica 
a través de un dispositivo de conmutación externo, como un 
temporizador, ni conectarse a un circuito que el servicio público 
encienda y apague con frecuencia.
• Úsalo solo como se describe en este manual.
• Para reducir el riesgo de descarga eléctrica, desconecta la estación de 
vaciado antes de limpiarla.
• Mantén la estación de vaciado y el cable de alimentación lejos de 
superficies calientes.
PRECAUCIÓN 
• Solo carga la batería que se incluye con el robot. Otro tipo de baterías 
podría explotar y causar lesiones. Siempre comunícate con Atención al 
cliente de iRobot para saber cuál es el repuesto correcto de la batería.
• El producto no se puede usar con ningún tipo de transformador 
de corriente. Si utilizas transformadores de corriente, se invalidará 
inmediatamente la garantía.
• Si vives en una zona propensa a tormentas eléctricas, se recomienda 
utilizar protección adicional contra sobretensión. Es posible que la 
estación de vaciado disponga de un protector de sobretensión en caso 
de que se produzcan tormentas eléctricas intensas.
• No lo uses si no tiene la bolsa de polvo o los filtros en su lugar.
Este símbolo en la batería indica que esta no debe desecharse con 
la basura municipal común sin clasificar. Como usuario final, es tu 
responsabilidad deshacerte de la batería al final de su vida útil en el 
dispositivo de una manera que considere el medioambiente, como se 
indica a continuación:
(1) devolverla al distribuidor o concesionario a quien le compraste el 
producto; o
(2) depositarla en un punto de recolección designado.
La recolección y el reciclaje por separado de las baterías al final de su 
vida útil, en el momento de la eliminación, servirán para preservar los 
recursos naturales y garantizar que se reciclen de una manera que proteja 
la salud humana y el medioambiente. Para obtener más información, 
comunícate con la oficina local de reciclaje o con el distribuidor a quien le 
compraste originalmente el producto. Si no te deshaces adecuadamente 
de las baterías al final de su vida útil, esto podría afectar de manera 
negativa el medioambiente y la salud humana a causa de las sustancias 
presentes en las baterías y los acumuladores.
  Nota: Para obtener información sobre el reciclaje de las baterías, 
        visita call2recycle.org o llama al 1-800-822-8837.

 Guía del usuario de Roomba Combo™ j7+       1
ES
Acerca del robot aspirador y trapeador Roomba Combo™
Recipiente de residuosVista superior
Vista inferior
Cubierta frontal
Placa de almohadilla 
de trapeado
Sensor de 
seguimiento  
de pared
Cámara
Botón de limpieza
Filtro
Tapa del tanque
Tanque de agua
Recipiente 
de residuos
Botón de liberación del 
recipiente de residuos
Contactos 
de carga
Rueda guía
Sensor de  
desnivel
Sensor de suelo
Sensores de  
desnivel
Cepillo para  
barrido de 
bordes
Cepillos para 
múltiples 
superficies
Sensores de suelo
Lengüeta de 
liberación del 
armazón de los 
cepillos 
Tapas del cepillo
Recipiente de 
residuos
Sensor de 
seguimiento de 
suelo
Sensores de desnivel
Sensor de desnivel

2        Para obtener más información, visita global.irobot.com
ES
Acerca de la estación de vaciado de la suciedad 
Clean Base™
Vista superior
Vista frontal
Sujetador del 
cable
Rieles guía de la 
bolsa
Tubo de evacuación 
de residuos
Tubo de evacuación 
de residuos
Compartimiento de 
almacenamiento de 
la bolsa
Cubierta del 
ventilador
Sensor de presencia de 
la bolsa
Vista posterior
Vista inferior
Tapa del 
recipiente
Objetivo de 
acoplamiento visual
Escape
Puerto de evacuación de 
residuos
Lengüeta
Indicador LED
Huecos de las 
ruedas
Contactos de 
carga

 Guía del usuario de Roomba Combo™ j7+       3
ES
Descarga la app iRobot Home y conéctate a Wi-Fi®
• Sigue las instrucciones paso a paso para configurar el Roomba Combo™.
• Configura PrecisionVision Navigation para evitar obstáculos en tiempo real.
•  Define un programa de limpieza automático y personaliza las preferencias 
de limpieza.
•  Crea mapas inteligentes para indicarle al robot dónde y cómo limpiar.
Carga
CLEAN
•  Coloca el robot sobre la estación de carga para activar la batería.
•  El robot utiliza una pequeña cantidad de energía cada vez que se encuentra 
en la estación de carga. Se puede reducir aún más el consumo de energía 
del robot cuando no está en uso. Para obtener instrucciones y más detalles 
sobre este modo de reposo con consumo reducido de energía, consulta la 
página de preguntas frecuentes en nuestro sitio web.
•  Para un almacenamiento a largo plazo, apaga el robot; para ello, quítalo 
de la estación de carga y mantén presionado el botón de limpieza durante 
3 segundos con solo una de las ruedas tocando el suelo. Guarda el robot en 
un lugar fresco y seco.
Anillo de luz en espiral mientras carga
Espiral blanca: cargando
Una luz blanca fija indicará el porcentaje  
de carga de la batería del robot.
 Nota: El robot viene parcialmente cargado, pero se recomienda cargarlo durante 
tres horas antes de iniciar el primer ciclo de limpieza.
Cuando el robot esté completamente 
cargado, el anillo de luz parpadeará de 
manera intermitente de color blanco en la 
parte posterior
Uso del robot aspirador y trapeador Roomba Combo™
Posición de la estación de carga Home Base™
Nota: No pongas 
la Clean Base™ 
directamente 
bajo la luz del sol. 
Asegúrate de que 
el área alrededor 
del acople esté 
despejada 
para mejorar el 
rendimiento de 
acoplamiento.
ADVERTENCIA:  
Para evitar que 
el robot se caiga 
por las escaleras, 
asegúrate de que la 
estación de carga 
permanezca al 
menos a 1,2 metros 
(4 pies) de distancia 
de cualquier 
escalera.
Buena cobertura Wi-Fi®
* Los objetos no están 
a escala.
1,2 m (4 pies) 
desde las 
escaleras
0,3 m (1 pie) 
arriba
1,2 m (4 pies) 
al frente
0,5 m (1,5 pies) 
a ambos lados

4        Para obtener más información, visita global.irobot.com
ES
Trapeado
•  Tu robot puede aspirar y trapear al mismo tiempo. Para empezar un ciclo de 
limpieza de aspirado y trapeado con el robot, rellena el tanque, coloca la 
almohadilla de trapeado y presiona el botón de limpieza. 
•  Si el robot se encuentra con una alfombra 
durante su ciclo de limpieza, levantará y 
guardará la almohadilla de trapeado.
•  Después de completar el ciclo de limpieza 
de trapeado y aspirado, asegúrate de 
vaciar el tanque de agua y reemplazar la 
almohadilla de trapeado.
• El robot explorará y limpiará automáticamente tu hogar en filas prolijas, y evitará 
los obstáculos con su cámara frontal. Regresará automáticamente a la estación 
de carga al final de un ciclo de limpieza y cada vez que necesite recargarse.
•  Para finalizar un trabajo y enviar el robot de vuelta a su estación de carga, 
mantén presionado el botón de limpieza durante 2 a 5 segundos. Un anillo de 
luz azul indicará que el robot está buscando la estación de carga.
•  Cuando el robot detecte un área especialmente sucia, se activará el modo 
Dirt Detect™ y el robot se moverá hacia delante y hacia atrás para limpiar el 
área con mayor intensidad. El anillo de luz parpadeará en color azul.
Aspirado
• Para empezar un ciclo de solo aspirado con el robot, vacía el tanque o retira 
la almohadilla de trapeado antes de presionar el botón de limpieza.
Solo presiona el botón de limpieza
Presiona para iniciar/pausar/reanudar
Mantén presionado durante  
2 a 5 segundos para finalizar  
un ciclo de limpieza
El robot puede reconocer y evitar objetos. 
Sin embargo, se recomienda despejar el 
área antes de la limpieza.
Cuando el robot detecte que debe 
vaciarse su recipiente de residuos, se 
encenderá el anillo de luz con un barrido 
rojo hacia la parte posterior.
Limpieza
ADVERTENCIA: Para evitar que el robot se dañe, no guardes de forma manual 
la placa de almohadilla de trapeado en la bandeja de la almohadilla. 
1
3
2
4
Presiona el botón de liberación 
del recipiente de residuos para 
extraer el recipiente.
Coloca una almohadilla de 
trapeado.
Llena el tanque con agua 
y la solución de limpieza 
compatible.
Vuelve a colocar el recipiente 
de residuos en el robot.

 Guía del usuario de Roomba Combo™ j7+       5
ES
Solución de limpieza
Para obtener mejores resultados con el trapeado, usa las soluciones de limpieza 
para maderas o superficies duras Bona®. Ambas soluciones son aptas para la 
mayoría de los pisos duros bien sellados.
Muestras de paquetes de concentrado
Incluidas en la caja
1 paquete por tanque
Mézclalo según las instrucciones del fabricante 
y viértelo en el tanque.
Botellas listas para usar de venta minorista
Se venden por separado
Llena el tanque con la solución de limpieza. No 
es necesario usar agua.
Importante: Solo algunas soluciones de limpieza se pueden usar de 
forma segura en el robot. Para encontrar una lista completa de soluciones 
de limpieza compatibles, visita answers.irobot.com/s/roomba-combo-
cleanser o accede a la aplicación. No uses otras soluciones de limpieza ni 
productos a base de blanqueadores
• La batería DEBE desactivarse antes del transporte.
• Para apagar la batería, quita el robot de la estación de carga y 
mantén presionado el botón de limpieza durante 3 segundos con solo 
una de las ruedas tocando el suelo. Todos los indicadores se apagarán.
• Embala el robot de forma segura para el transporte.
• Si necesitas más ayuda, comunícate con nuestro equipo de Atención al 
cliente o visita global.irobot.com.
Solución de problemas
 ADVERTENCIA: Las baterías de iones de litio y los productos que contienen 
esas baterías están sujetos a estrictas regulaciones de transporte. Si 
necesitas transportar este producto para su reparación, por razones 
vinculadas con un viaje o por cualquier otro motivo, DEBES seguir las 
instrucciones de transporte que se detallan a continuación.
Anillo de luz 
de color rojo
 Batería baja. Cárgala.
•  El robot indicará que algo está 
mal con una alerta de audio y se 
encenderá el anillo de luz en color 
rojo. Presiona el botón de limpieza 
o toca el parachoques para ver más 
detalles. Revisa la app iRobot Home 
para obtener asistencia adicional.
•  Después de 90 minutos de inactividad 
fuera de la estación de carga, el 
robot terminará automáticamente su 
ciclo de limpieza. 
•  Para restablecer el robot a los valores de fábrica, quita el depósito y 
mantén presionado el botón de limpieza durante siete (7) segundos. Un 
sonido te indicará cuando se haya completado el restablecimiento a 
los valores de fábrica. Presiona el botón de limpieza una vez más para 
confirmar.y reset has been completed. Press the clean button down once 
more to confirm.
Seguridad y envío de la batería
Para obtener mejores resultados, utiliza solamente la batería de iones de litio de 
iRobot que se incluye con el robot. 

6        Para obtener más información, visita global.irobot.com
ES
Cuidado y mantenimiento
Instrucciones para el cuidado y mantenimiento
Para mantener al robot funcionando al máximo rendimiento, realiza los 
procedimientos que se indican en las páginas siguientes. Encontrarás más 
videos instructivos en la app iRobot Home. Si notas que el robot recoge menos 
desechos del piso, vacía el recipiente de residuos y limpia el filtro y los cepillos.
Solución de problemas de la estación de vaciado de la 
suciedad
La estación de vaciado indicará si algo está mal mediante un indicador LED en 
la parte frontal del recipiente y por medio de la app iRobot Home.
Este producto se equipó con un protector térmico para protegerlo contra 
daños por sobrecalentamiento. Si el protector está operativo, el motor 
dejará de funcionar. Si esto sucede, desenchufa la unidad, deja que se enfríe 
durante 30 minutos, elimina cualquier obstrucción del puerto de evacuación y 
del tubo de evacuación, y vuelve a enchufar la unidad. 
Nota: iRobot fabrica diferentes piezas de repuesto y ensamblajes. Si necesitas una pieza 
de repuesto, comunícate con Atención al cliente de iRobot para obtener más informació
 * La frecuencia de reemplazo puede variar. Las piezas deben reemplazarse cuando haya señales visibles 
de desgaste.
Pieza Frecuencia de cuidadoFrecuencia de reemplazo* 
Almohadilla de 
trapeado
Límpiala después de un ciclo de 
trapeado
Después de 30 lavados
Recipiente de residuosLava el recipiente de residuos según 
se requiera
FiltroLímpialo una vez a la semana (dos 
veces a la semana si tienes una 
mascota). No lo laves.
Cada 2 meses
Contactos de cargaLímpialos cada 2 semanas
Sensor de recipiente de 
residuos lleno
Límpialo cada 2 semanas
Rueda guía delanteraLímpiala cada 2 semanasCada 12 meses
Cepillo para barrido de 
bordes y cepillos para 
múltiples superficies
Límpialos una vez al mes (dos veces 
al mes si tienes mascotas)
Cada 12 meses
Sensor, ventana de la 
cámara y bandeja de la 
almohadilla
Límpialos una vez al mes
Bolsas-Las bolsas deben reemplazarse 
cuando lo solicite el indicador 
LED o la aplicación
Cubierta del ventilador 
dentro del recipiente
Una vez al mes (quita los residuos de 
la cubierta del ventilador)
Indicador LEDError comúnCómo arreglarlo 
Rojo fijoBolsa llena o faltante1. Coloca una nueva si la bolsa está llena 
o no hay ninguna.
2. Asegúrate de que la bolsa esté 
colocada correctamente.
3. Si el problema persiste, quita cualquier 
residuo del puerto en la parte inferior 
del robot y la estación de vaciado.
Rojo intermitenteHay una fuga o una  
obstrucción en la ruta  
de evacuación del 
acople
1. Asegúrate de que la tapa del recipiente 
esté presionada y firmemente sellada. 
Mantén presionado el botón de 
limpieza del robot durante 2 segundos 
para vaciar el recipiente de residuos 
manualmente.
2. Quita cualquier residuo del puerto en 
la parte inferior del robot y la estación 
de vaciado.
3. Desconecta la estación de vaciado 
de la pared. Colócala de costado e 
inspecciona el tubo de evacuación para 
detectar residuos. Si es necesario, quita el 
tubo para eliminar cualquier residuo.

 Guía del usuario de Roomba Combo™ j7+       7
ES
LAVADO A MANO
Lava bien la almohadilla con agua tibia.
LAVADO A MÁQUINA
Haz el lavado en el ciclo de agua tibia y, luego, 
sécala al aire. No la pongas en la secadora. No 
la laves junto con prendas delicadas.
Limpieza de la almohadilla de 
trapeado
Vaciado del recipiente de 
residuos
Nota: Puedes limpiar las almohadillas de 
trapeado de dos maneras: a mano o en la 
lavadora.
1
2
3
Presiona el botón de liberación del 
recipiente de residuos para extraer 
el recipiente.
Abre la puerta del recipiente de 
residuos para vaciarlo.
Vuelve a colocar el recipiente de 
residuos en el robot.
Limpieza del filtro
1
2
3
Extrae el recipiente de residuos. Para 
extraer el filtro, tira de ambos extremos.
Golpea suavemente el filtro contra el 
recipiente de basura para desprender 
los residuos.
Vuelve a colocar el filtro con las 
hendiduras acanaladas hacia fuera. 
Vuelve a colocar el recipiente de 
residuos en el robot.
Importante: El robot no funcionará si el 
filtro no está instalado correctamente. 
Reemplaza el filtro cada dos meses.

8        Para obtener más información, visita global.irobot.com
ES
Limpieza de los contactos de 
carga
1
Limpia los contactos de carga con un 
paño limpio y seco.
Limpieza de los sensores de recipiente de residuos lleno
1
2
34
Extrae y vacía el recipiente de residuos.
Limpia los sensores internos con un 
paño limpio y seco.
Limpia la puerta del recipiente de 
residuos con un paño limpio y seco.
Quita todos los residuos del 
área de aspirado.
Puerta 
cerrada
Puerta abierta

 Guía del usuario de Roomba Combo™ j7+       9
ES
Limpieza de los cepillos para múltiples superficiesLimpieza de la rueda guía delantera
11
3
2
4
3
2
4
Presiona la lengüeta de liberación del 
armazón de los cepillos, levántala  
y quita cualquier obstrucción.
Tira firmemente del módulo de la rueda 
delantera para desmontarla del robot.
Quita los residuos del interior de la 
cavidad de la rueda.
Tira firmemente de la rueda para sacarla 
de la caja protectora (ve la ilustración a 
continuación).
Cuando hayas finalizado, vuelve a colocar 
todas las piezas en su lugar. Asegúrate de 
que la rueda haga clic cuando la coloques 
de nuevo en su lugar. 
Quita los cabellos o residuos de las 
clavijas hexagonales y cuadradas que se 
encuentran del lado opuesto a los cepillos. 
Quita los cepillos del robot. Quita las 
tapas del cepillo de los extremos de los 
cepillos. Quita cualquier residuo o cabello 
acumulado debajo de las tapas. Vuelve  
a colocar las tapas del cepillo en su lugar.
Vuelve a colocar los cepillos en el robot. 
Comprueba que la forma de las clavijas 
de los cepillos coincida con la forma de 
los íconos correspondientes en el módulo 
del cabezal de limpieza.
Importante: Si la rueda delantera se obstruye 
con cabello y residuos, se podría dañar el 
piso. Si la rueda no gira libremente después 
de haberla limpiado, comunícate con 
Atención al cliente.
Rueda
Eje
Caja 
protectora

10        Para obtener más información, visita global.irobot.com
ES
Limpieza del recipiente de 
residuos
Limpieza del cepillo para barrido 
de bordes
Limpieza de los sensores, la 
ventana de la cámara y los 
contactos de carga
1
1
2
1
2
3
Libera el recipiente de residuos, quita 
el filtro y abre la puerta del recipiente 
de residuos.
 Utiliza una moneda o un destornillador 
pequeño a fin de quitar el tornillo que 
sujeta el cepillo para barrido de bordes 
en su lugar.
Tira del cepillo para barrido de bordes a 
fin de quitarlo. Quita cabellos o residuos, y 
vuelve a instalar el cepillo. 
Limpia todos los sensores, la ventana de 
la cámara y la bandeja de la almohadilla 
con un paño limpio y seco.
Lava el tanque de agua y el recipiente de 
polvo con agua tibia.
Asegúrate de que el recipiente de residuos 
esté completamente seco. Vuelve a 
colocar el filtro y el recipiente de residuos 
en el robot.
Nota: Revisa la ventana de la cámara. 
Si notas alguna fisura, comunícate con 
Atención al cliente.
Nota: El recipiente de residuos no es apto 
para lavavajillas.
Importante: No rocíes agua ni solución de 
limpieza en la abertura de los sensores ni en 
los sensores.openings.
Importante: No laves el filtro.
Quita el filtro antes de limpiar el recipiente 
de residuos.

 Guía del usuario de Roomba Combo™ j7+       11
ES
Cambio de bolsaEliminación de residuos de 
la cubierta del ventilador
13
2
4
5
Levanta la tapa del recipiente para 
abrirlo.
 Desecha la bolsa usada.
Inspecciona la cubierta del ventilador para 
detectar pelusas o residuos acumulados, y 
límpiala con un paño limpio y seco para quitarlos
Tira hacia arriba de la tarjeta plástica 
para sacar la bolsa del recipiente.
Para instalar una nueva bolsa, desliza  
la tarjeta de plástico en los rieles guía..
Presiona la tapa hacia abajo y comprueba 
que esté completamente cerrada.
Nota : Esto sellará 
la bolsa para que el 
polvo y la suciedad no 
puedan salirse.
Nota : Para lograr un rendimiento óptimo 
con el robot y la estación de vaciado de la 
suciedad, limpia o cambia el filtro del robot 
según sea necesario.

12        Para obtener más información, visita global.irobot.com
ES
EE. UU. y Canadá
Si tienes preguntas o comentarios sobre el robot aspirador y trapeador 
Roomba Combo™, comunícate con iRobot antes de ponerte en contacto con 
un distribuidor.
Para comenzar, puedes visitar global.irobot.com a fin de obtener consejos 
de soporte, respuestas a preguntas frecuentes e información sobre los 
accesorios. También puedes encontrar esta información en la app iRobot 
Home. Si necesitas más ayuda, llama a nuestro equipo de Atención al cliente 
al (877) 855-8593.
Horarios de Atención al cliente de iRobot en EE. UU.
De lunes a viernes, de 9 a. m. a 9 p. m. (hora del este)
Sábados y domingos de 9 a. m. a 6 p. m. (hora del este)
Fuera de los EE. UU. y Canadá
Visita global.irobot.com para lo siguiente: 
Obtener más información sobre iRobot en tu país
 Obtener sugerencias y consejos para mejorar el rendimiento del robot 
aspirador y trapeador Roomba Combo™
Obtener respuestas a tus preguntas
Comunicarte con tu centro local de soporte
Atención al cliente de iRobot

 Guía del usuario de Roomba Combo™ j7+       13
ES
Declaración de conformidad del proveedor de la FCC
iRobot Corporation                                   Modelo Roomba Combo: RCA-Y1
FCC ID: UFE-RCAY1
Cuenta con el ID de la FCC: UFE-AXGY1 y contiene IC: 6652A-AXGY1
Este dispositivo cumple con la sección 15 de las normas de la FCC y de ICES-
003. El funcionamiento está sujeto a las siguientes dos condiciones:  
(1) este dispositivo no debe causar interferencias dañinas; (2) este dispositivo 
debe aceptar cualquier interferencia recibida, incluidas las interferencias que 
puedan causar un funcionamiento no deseado.
Este dispositivo cumple los estándares RSS exentos de licencia de Industry 
Canada. El funcionamiento está sujeto a las siguientes dos condiciones: 1) 
este dispositivo no debe causar interferencias; 2) este dispositivo debe aceptar 
cualquier interferencia, incluidas las interferencias que puedan causar un 
funcionamiento no deseado del dispositivo.
•  Los cambios o las modificaciones no expresamente aprobados por iRobot 
Corporation pueden invalidar la autoridad del usuario para hacer funcionar 
el equipo.
•  Este equipo se examinó y se concluyó que cumple con los límites para un 
dispositivo digital de clase B, según la sección 15 de las normas de la FCC 
y las normas de ICES-003. Estos límites están diseñados para proporcionar 
una protección razonable contra la interferencia dañina en una instalación 
residencial. Este equipo genera, usa y puede irradiar energía de frecuencia 
de radio y, si no se instala ni se usa según las instrucciones, puede causar 
interferencia dañina a las comunicaciones por radio. Sin embargo, no se 
garantiza que no ocurrirán interferencias en las comunicaciones por radio 
en una instalación particular. Si este equipo causa interferencias dañinas 
en la recepción de radio o televisión, lo que se puede determinar apagando 
y volviendo a encender el equipo, el usuario puede tratar de corregir la 
interferencia con una o más de las siguientes medidas:
• Cambiar el lugar o la orientación de la antena receptora.
• Aumentar la separación entre el equipo y el receptor.
•  Conectar el equipo a un enchufe en un circuito que no sea al que está 
conectado el receptor.
•  Consultar al distribuidor o a un técnico de radio o televisión con 
experiencia para obtener ayuda.
•  De acuerdo con los reglamentos de Industry Canada, este transmisor de 
radio solo puede funcionar con una antena de un tipo y una ganancia 
máxima (o inferior) aprobada por Industry Canada para el transmisor. Con 
el objetivo de reducir la posible interferencia de radio para otros usuarios, 
el tipo de antena y la ganancia deben seleccionarse de manera que la 
potencia isotrópica radiada equivalente (PIRE) no supere el valor máximo, a 
fin de permitir una comunicación exitosa.
•  Declaración de exposición a la radiación de la FCC: Este producto cumple 
con la sección 2.1091(b) de la FCC respecto de los límites de exposición 
a RF de dispositivos móviles, definidos en un entorno no controlado, y es 
seguro para los propósitos de funcionamiento deseados según lo descrito en 
este manual. De acuerdo con los requisitos de la FCC, mantén una distancia 
de más de 20 cm (8 pulgadas) entre cualquier persona y el dispositivo host 
(robot Roomba Combo).
•  Declaración de exposición a la radiación de la ISED: Este producto cumple 
con el estándar canadiense RSS-102 respecto de los límites de exposición 
de RF de dispositivos móviles, definidos en un entorno no controlado, y es 
seguro para los propósitos de funcionamiento deseados según lo descrito en 
este manual. De acuerdo con los requisitos de la ISED, mantén una distancia 
de más de 20 cm (8 pulgadas) entre cualquier persona y el robot.
iRobot Corporation, 8 Crosby Drive, Bedford,  
MA 01730 EE. UU.
https://global.irobot.com
Para obtener información sobre el reciclaje  
de las baterías, visita call2recycle.org  
o llama al 1-800-822-8837.7
Información reglamentaria

14        Para obtener más información, visita global.irobot.com
ES
©2022 iRobot Corporation, 8 Crosby Drive, Bedford, MA, 01730, EE. UU. Todos los derechos 
reservados. iRobot es una marca comercial registrada de iRobot Corporation. Roomba Combo, 
Clean Base y Dirt Detect son marcas comerciales de iRobot Corporation. Wi-Fi y el logotipo de Wi-Fi 
son marcas comerciales registradas de Wi-Fi Alliance. Apple y App Store son marcas comerciales de 
Apple, Inc., registrada en los EE. UU. y otros países. Google Play es una marca comercial de Google 
LLC. Bona es una marca comercial registrada de Bona AB Corp.

 Guía del usuario de Roomba Combo™ j7+       15
ES

16        Para obtener más información, visita global.irobot.com
ES
WC# 4786242 vB